Nurse: we can. Anyway, this is participant to 800 to 6 to here for a 27 month visit. Local time is 10:04 a.m. I might study coordinator
Nurse: Curly.
Nurse: Right?
Nurse: I just noticed that spell by Cinopril Wrong.
Nurse: You wouldn't be able to prove it by me,
Nurse: you know, 1 41/71. 35/67.
Nurse: And you're on the 20 slash 12.5 for the lisinopril hydrochlorothiazide.
Nurse: And have you decided on your Medicare stuff?
Nurse: Would you have to pick a pharmacy plan? Oh, um, yeah. No,
Nurse: I go through the va. Okay, normally, but, uh,
Nurse: all of them, all of them are going right to, uh, Goodrich pharmacy right now because
Nurse: my wife works there.
Nurse: She gets, um, cheaper than
Nurse: yeah.
Nurse: Is Victoza carried by the
Nurse: It hasn't been I haven't checked. I go. I go
Nurse: Monday up to the VA.
Nurse: I'll ask, uh, I'm looking ahead to a year because close That starts next fall. Sure. Yeah. And for the people that are on
Nurse: Medicare plans, you don't. You make that choice every year, you're gonna have to go in there with a list of your medications and see
Nurse: who's got what Right at what cost?
Nurse: Because you're doing excellent on the routine we have you on. Right? But there's other options out there that might be cheaper. Oh, sure. Um, in their options, out through there could be more expensive.
Nurse: But you're doing so well on this one. It's
Nurse: It'll be up to you and your primary care doctor. We'll give you our recommendations. I'm sure you won't hear the study results until, like, around January of 2022. Because the last visits April of 21. Okay. And then they need time to crunch the numbers. Sure, but they're gonna
Nurse: somehow release. Do you guys first? Before they released to the public. Took it. What? The
Nurse: found out
Nurse: So after?
Nurse: Well, they're v a C span between the time I've done here, and
Nurse: they'll give you a 30 day supply of these kits,
Nurse: Okay. To give you time to get in to see your primary care doctor
Nurse: on looking head,
Nurse: you have a quarterly visit April 19th of 2020 to go to
Nurse: you have quarterly visits in April
Nurse: annual until I I'm trying to figure out when
Nurse: it's like 3/4 of people are gonna be done in that first wave that fall flash spring and last
Nurse: following one. But I have to look over my notes.
Nurse: I'm not sure the order, but, uh,
Nurse: we will get you three day supply.
Nurse: We know you're doing well on this. It's just that that Victoza rice can be up there, right? And I know it wasn't a V. Agent didn't offer it before, but there might be there's more competition. Now there's Trulicity, which is once a week. Yeah, that's what the same class.
Nurse: Okay. And so they may carry something in the class.
Nurse: It's getting time to start checking around. It won't affect you
Nurse: this year because you're still be getting stuff
Nurse: if we start. Yeah, because next year's 20 s So you don't worry about this next year, all right? It's that you're after. So when you make those decisions in December, have to keep in mind that right? The pipelines drying up.
Nurse: Okay, So, metformin. Any problems with that? No.
Nurse: And the Victoza? Any problems with that? No.
Nurse: And you're on the rosuvastatin
Nurse: cholesterol amlodipine for the blood pressure. My cynical 100 fortifies that for the blood pressure, terrorism goes in
Nurse: baby aspirin. Coenzyme Q. 10 Help. Anything else? No.
Nurse: What kind of blood sugars are you seeing? Normally I'm not testing.
Nurse: Well, they got to be good if you run around six
Nurse: and you haven't felt low or anything? No, no.
Nurse: Any illnesses, hospitalizations, Anything
Nurse: past three months.
Nurse: Exercise
Nurse: not very much in the last couple few weeks since it got cold. But, uh, we probably that prior to that golfing a couple times a week
Nurse: and walking
Nurse: can't will be going to the
Nurse: way I'm seeing again
Nurse: pretty quick. It's a tough time of year where you've lost that time after supper may help to do some of the art or move about. Right now. It's like it's dark. We get a couple of grand kids staying with us temporarily for, uh, for now, do that. Doesn't
Nurse: we'll offer? That should keep you busy, though. Well, yeah, in the host
Nurse: of the diet.
Nurse: Um, pretty much the same.
Nurse: If they have noticed the portions
Nurse: aren't Dernis biggest. He used to be used to be up.
Nurse: That's a good thing. And a lot of things. A lot of things don't appeal to me that you still feel that way.
Nurse: Fortunately,
Nurse: I haven't lost my taste for forbidden fruit.
Nurse: Let's see what your weight did. All right?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Once I get out of
Nurse: no excuse,
Nurse: yeah,
Nurse: get somebody doing their fifth annual, which is a glucose Thomas. It's down the hall. So I got my typer said that. Oh, I have to run out of here. But I'll send Shannon down.
Nurse: It's on board
Nurse: a cardiovascular form here.
Nurse: You never had heart attack? No. Never had a stroke? Nope. Never had heart failure. No. Ever had a vascular procedure like a bypass stent diagram.
Nurse: No amputations? No.
Nurse: About my dad. Remember? What day? This cause it's
Nurse: to 62
Nurse: looks.
Nurse: It's
Nurse: okay. So no changes to blood pressure or cholesterol status.
Nurse: Like we just went over all the heart stuff. So that's a duplicate question here. And you're only using the medications for diabetes that you get from us. That's correct.
Nurse: Cancer treatment for cancer? No, no kidney disease.
Nurse: I'm fine.
Nurse: Emergency room visits, No
Nurse: automobile accident? Nope.
Nurse: Amputations know. And the eye problems bleeds Anything. Go know the ice? No.
Nurse: And depression treatment for depression. No, I didn't have a twins exit so fast.
Nurse: How could you have a season like that.
Nurse: Right?
Nurse: Picture for the Astros. It's gonna be free agents sales, so I don't watch any that pretty good. Yeah, but he's going to command something that's like the entire payroll of a team pull up shirt. 150 million.
Nurse: Well, it's kind of like being sad with ours. Contract. He's nice guy, that layer. But you couldn't do anything around him because you couldn't afford it, but
Nurse: no.
Nurse: Okay, so in the last three months, no acute, life threatening event, no hospitalization, no significant incapacity. E er visits prior events, overdoses, severe low blood sugars,
Nurse: ketoacidosis, lactic acidosis, pancreatitis, every cancer in your pregnancies.
Nurse: Grandkids probably feel like it.
Nurse: How old are they? Um, 17 and 13 year old? Well,
Nurse: yeah, exactly.
Nurse: And, yes, you're taking metformin 2000 day
Nurse: days where you forgot it. Know coming back? No.
Nurse: Try to relieve home. Forget it. You know, take it all yesterday. Help when you feel like your symptoms are controlled, you stop taking it. You know you feel hassled about taking it. No.
Nurse: Last two weeks in a miss doses, no
Nurse: same answers for the Victoza.
Nurse: Don't forsee. It's making any changes to your
Nurse: old
Nurse: shaky sweaty lightheadedness? No,
Nurse: no.
Nurse: Anything. We had a funny feeling that improved with taking food.
Nurse: Yeah, occasionally, but yeah. What time? A day?
Nurse: Well, usually in the evening.
Nurse: Like before. Supper after supper.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Sometimes after
Nurse: it could be due to low blood sugar, because that's probably your highest time of the day. Right.
Nurse: Okay. 246 to 10 Victoza pens. I get to three bottles and metformin.
Nurse: Purple needles?
Nurse: Um, yes. Wipes.
Nurse: Um, good.
Nurse: I think that should be good with, like,
Nurse: but
Nurse: thrown in there.
Nurse: No. Well,
Nurse: she's using the monitor. Pen's not to
Nurse: take Ozempic. Only once a week.
Nurse: And that sort of Atlantis, you
Nurse: know, large aid
Nurse: times. You had to crawl a healthcare provider for any issue. We're concerned. No email. Anybody for an issue? We're concerned. I'll see anybody know.
Nurse: Okay. So you got a statin?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Calcium channel blocker.
Nurse: Ace on a diuretic.
Nurse: No weight loss. Med
Nurse: aspirin? Yes.
Nurse: No. Or four more treatments.
Nurse: No atypical anti psychotics yet. No
Nurse: B 12 supplement on its own is no, no
Nurse: past treatments. Any prednisone quarters own child Belton. Steroid injections.
Nurse: 1000.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: I'm going to go Shannon and start working on a feeling your load here.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Cold out
Patient: there for you?
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: I hope it's better. Good.
Nurse: Go straight.
Patient: Summer. Winter.
Patient: Oh,
Patient: I really want to keep worrying. My fault
Patient: winter yet?
Patient: Uh huh.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: I think it's been working. Better
Patient: doing Took treating tonight.
Patient: Oh, yeah, I I know I don't have any little ones either.
Patient: I'd like to go.
Patient: Is kind of worried to go by
Patient: ago.
Patient: You know, Just kind of candy.
Patient: Oh, older folks. Okay.
Patient: Here.
Patient: Right.
Patient: You Next time you come in, I'll need some year.
Patient: So what happened here?
Patient: Looks like
Nurse: that bad.
Nurse: She just finished.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: I set my bag. Oh, I didn't bring it. New calendar for the end of the year. Be first time ever. I
Nurse: think when you were getting in June.
Nurse: So
Nurse: wrist
Nurse: friend got right towards the end of the study.
Nurse: Yeah, they had a dietician at the last meeting You.
Nurse: She was talking about
Nurse: portion control is probably
Nurse: thing. Yeah,
Nurse: that feeling in your plate with more
Nurse: fruits, vegetables. Sure. Right. Stuff to get your full.
Nurse: It doesn't seem to take a much to get me full anymore.
Nurse: Exercise is good for the heart.
Nurse: All that stuff doesn't burn like hours.
Nurse: I do the treadmill and I look after about 40 minutes, I'm up to you About
Nurse: 240 calories. Yeah, go upstairs. Have a muffin. And it's
Nurse: but it's good for your drinks
Nurse: in your healthy living routine. But basically,
Nurse: do you
Nurse: Eating less calories and what your body needs. You lose weight
Nurse: right more. You start
Nurse: and exercise it.
Nurse: It helps the muscle that
Nurse: the important muscle. Well, yeah, exercising after a meal
Nurse: is really good because
Nurse: your muscles there hollering for glucose to fire them up
Nurse: and so can helps block the spiking your blood sugars after.
Nurse: So it does help.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: coming for
Nurse: I
Nurse: have it all nice. Take it all. Put his dumb legal
Nurse: years. Got room in your refrigerator for all this.
Nurse: Okay, We have Victoza metformin swabs, Neil's
Nurse: calendar,
Nurse: whatever.
Nurse: It's called him. Groucho Marx.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: A young version of
Nurse: Yeah, You
Nurse: go to these meetings and you see so much of the brain power spread out the audience always endos from all over the country. They're older.
Nurse: They sure got a lot of knowledge, but you're kind of seeing changing of the guard. Oh, I, uh
Nurse: Let's get involved in studies with these guys.
Nurse: They're looking pretty gray, and they're kind of limping around. Sir,
Nurse: I'm looking at these young guys. Used to be in the old days with that doctors with meat
Nurse: and study coordinators meet all the same time or bruit was kind of dressed up.
Nurse: You seeing more people in jeans? Shirts up.
Nurse: It's kind of a different,
Nurse: different style. More cash.
Nurse: Okay, Absolutely. Got a sign that
Nurse: that
Nurse: date for your next appointment with
Nurse: there's that
Nurse: won't anywhere for get out of this wonderful weather. You know, not in January. It'll I think we years ago in February
Nurse: was part of the spring break thing. I think
Nurse: we're going the other grandchildren.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: So, January, actually, any time.
Nurse: Okay. And day of the week. That's, like, better.
Nurse: Yeah. Not really.
Nurse: Let's see.
Nurse: Workspace
Nurse: calendar.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: 106.
Nurse: Open at nine.
Nurse: Tuesday in the seventh ISS
Nurse: open. A 10 10 would work nicer.
Nurse: Nice. That
Nurse: looking. No, that's right.
Nurse: So this is a Tuesday,
Nurse: very
Nurse: 2020
Nurse: 2 a.m.
Nurse: Don't best just have to pee.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Before I
Nurse: be sitting for a while. And if you can't make anymore.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Here
Nurse: where she is,
Nurse: everybody
Nurse: with should be able just
Nurse: with
Nurse: that
Nurse: radiant. All right,
Nurse: But you're supposed to say
Patient: there.
Patient: So this is what? How many months? 27 months for you. And my guess is you're doing super. Also
Patient: complaining about it all.
Patient: You're still golfing?
Nurse: No, it's kind of over for the year.
Nurse: Although there's, Ah,
Nurse: indoor gulf that they're opening up right close to my house so
Nurse: I might go join their got a league.
Nurse: This's just a similar. It's like in a room like this with a screen on it on a projector, and you just hit the ball into the screen
Nurse: on different courses
Nurse: I've seen knows. I just don't know how the way we used to do that up in I same.
Nurse: We do it every week. It's, uh,
Nurse: it takes a little. It's a lot different than going outside, but you swing the same. Yeah,
Patient: so you're doing just It's hard.
Nurse: No. Yeah, you know, there were something analyzes. Yep, there's there's, like curtains that
Nurse: to. So as the ball passes through, it
Nurse: detects the spin of the ball and how fast it's going like
Nurse: and then when it hits the screen. That shows
Nurse: which with the bowl interesting. Sure, of course on the screen. Right.
Patient: You need that around here in the right. That's right.
Patient: All right, So you're still on the metformin Victoza and really not having side effects or concerns or anything like that. Good.
Patient: And, um
Patient: uh,
Patient: weight's about stable. Last a one C was 6.3,
Nurse: which is really
Patient: good. Obviously, your weight is down from the first started.
Patient: Maintained it
Patient: really nice. How any swelling in your ankles
Patient: it's
Patient: and your breathing exercise that is normal. You know, you're not noticing any shortness of breath,
Patient: any chest discomfort,
Patient: any abdominal pain,
Nurse: no indigestion every once more
Nurse: in the middle of night.
Patient: Yeah. Is that just if you've eaten later,
Nurse: I think it's, um if I've eaten
Nurse: a larger meal, then I'm used to
Patient: you.
Patient: Yeah, well, and sometimes Victoza can worsen that a little bit, so but it sounds like it's not on a regular basis or anything. Yeah,
Patient: um, looks like your blood pressure is doing well. And so I guess we'll check your emergency and let you know what that is. Um, have you had an eye exam in the last year?
Nurse: Yes, and I'm due to go again.
Patient: Annual tune up. Make sure you don't. You've never had any diabetes changes in your eyes. Have no
Patient: keep up the good work or see after the holidays. Now, this time of year obviously gets harder. There's always a lot of snacking that out there. Try and, uh, you know, get in some good nutritious,
Patient: that good
Patient: and whatever you can just try to stay active through the window is really important.
Patient: All right, nice to see you. Thanks for being part of us. We're learning a lot from you. So
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: there's that
Nurse: she's done with you.
Nurse: And that ends Participants
Nurse: 2800 to 6 to 14 27 months. Visit
Nurse: in October 31st, 2019. Local time is 10:46 a.m. And my study coordinator
