Nurse: I'm here with participant to 800 to 7 to Today is Halloween. October 31st, 2019.
Nurse: Uh, he's here for 27 month visit and the local time is 7:38 a.m.
Nurse: I mean, like the study coordinator,
Nurse: but
Nurse: 1 15/80 to 1. 21/83.
Nurse: So those are excellent. Not bad. After two large cups of coffee, you get the mold in the morning. The depressing news from you,
Nurse: Your your national fanar. Castro's fan. You know, I didn't watch
Nurse: it
Nurse: last night
Nurse: and it's really based. My wife's on a base.
Nurse: I didn't see any of this at all.
Nurse: I mean, I just
Nurse: You either had lost interest because, no, it's football season in basketball and hockey. Yeah,
Nurse: And the golfers? Yeah. Now the golfers, I've been falling quite a bit. I actually went out the Rutgers in New York City. Really? I took my son out there.
Nurse: We had a great time. I took an extra couple days and spend some time in New York. I've never been in New York and he hasn't either.
Nurse: The wife and my daughter have. So
Nurse: they stayed home.
Nurse: The two of us in a couple of their friends joined us
Nurse: boys. And yeah, so all the sites that we wanted to see
Nurse: you know, 9 11 is excellent, and it's I'm sure you've been there, but, you know, I haven't I haven't been to New York and decades. Yeah, that's when you get there. You
Nurse: know,
Nurse: I spent two hours in there and I could easily spent another hour. Easy.
Nurse: It just
Nurse: just so much to see and taking it. We go to DC, and so you know her very close. All the Smithsonian and exhibits And I went to the Holocaust. That's humbling.
Nurse: Yeah. Really got you thinking as to her how that could happened. We did that a couple years ago. We went to Maryland,
Nurse: but, uh, yeah, and, uh, golfers played well,
Nurse: uh,
Nurse: fans Air. Great.
Nurse: Now a lot of, um, but treated us well, I know it's, you know, you hear a lot of these college scores and college names, and
Nurse: I don't even know where half, um, are Yeah, you know, it's like,
Nurse: Okay. Baylor's where and week. Oh,
Nurse: yeah. It's like I wake up in the middle of nowhere. I don't know how they get people to go to school there.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: we went there probably in the eighties.
Nurse: And it was We were out there close to there for a study meeting,
Nurse: and a friend of ours had a friend who is an FBI agent. New York. So he took us around, so I felt very safe with him.
Nurse: And, you know, some of the people that you see in the subways are
Nurse: Grand Central Station is Lee. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Now, we, uh we walk Central Park from
Nurse: lower mid town, right around Times Square,
Nurse: Old way up to hurt him.
Nurse: Which way had,
Nurse: you know, step counters?
Nurse: We was estimated about 10 mile walk way. Want only kind and a half hours
Nurse: on Sunday and, uh, finally found a cantina and Harlem
Nurse: or stop looking
Nurse: taxi back or I'll give you subway. Okay, we said we unlock it back.
Nurse: It was in the rain to Oh,
Nurse: it was a hard core. Yeah, but we wanted to see Central Park, and it's it's beautiful
Nurse: if the rain didn't start till about halfway through a trip
Nurse: at halfway through a walk. So I didn't have anybody it costing. You are asking for money you know, none of that in in. You know, we always been
Nurse: told that New Yorkers air rude. Nasty.
Nurse: I didn't see any of that. In fact, they were
Nurse: far from that. I did. When I was out there at intersections, you'd have a walk like these guys were going to look in their organs at you now. I mean, the honking, the honking and cabs and stuff was just at other cabs, but for pedestrians. And you bump into some because people were in umbrellas and he'd say, Excuse me and a while. Yeah. I mean, all that stuff. Like what?
Nurse: What's up? The best. You know, any. When I was out there, they still had the yellow sodium light. So everything looked dark and dingy, and I know it's bright. Yeah. So it's changed for the better, I guess. I think 9 11 don't like that.
Nurse: Yeah, that's another thing. See it on TV, But you can't imagine what it was like to be there.
Nurse: Let's go get your weight. Okay.
Nurse: Intensive. A killing her. What happened?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: You know,
Nurse: £1 is, uh, 2.2 kg.
Nurse: You take a dump? Probably at your weight. Yeah.
Nurse: It was a lot of.
Nurse: So when we go out there for way full in a late Friday night like 1 30 in the morning
Nurse: and went to the game on Saturday
Nurse: game is in New Jersey.
Nurse: So we spent all day Sunday and all the money in New York and then flew out real early morning on Tuesday. So
Nurse: three full days.
Nurse: Yeah, no sleep and no sleep is right.
Nurse: Okay. So, metformin, you're still doing twice a day? Just movie is 100 mg from today.
Nurse: 37 minutes. Atlantis. That's right.
Nurse: My sugars this morning were 92
Nurse: and they've been consistently mid eighties to mid nineties for mornings. Yeah.
Nurse: Any symptoms of too low? No.
Nurse: Any fogginess with memory or anything?
Nurse: No. I mean that my memory is is not what it used to be.
Nurse: It takes me a while.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: and I used I used to pride myself in having a real good memory, and it's not as good as it used to be.
Nurse: So But I own
Nurse: not concerned about it. I think it's just age
Nurse: I
Nurse: can't tell you many times. A walk to some place in the house
Nurse: and stop and go.
Nurse: Yeah, It's not like that. It's mine is more with names.
Nurse: I've never
Nurse: Yeah, like I could be working with you forever.
Nurse: We don't see you for a month.
Nurse: I can't remember your name right away.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Have that same problem. It's like
Nurse: I may see you out on the street
Nurse: and I go,
Nurse: He looks from your Yeah.
Nurse: Where's he from? Yeah.
Nurse: Okay. So good. Blood sugar control. You check any other times of the day? I do write it as I get home from work, which is a really 5. 30. Yeah, and that's, uh, I've seen in a slow is 72 gauge is too low for me. I can tell, and I'm not writing.
Nurse: Um, but I'm not shaky or sweaty, but I could just tell I don't feel right.
Nurse: But usually the the, uh,
Nurse: at home
Nurse: our mid eighties nineties. Okay. The seventies and nineties.
Nurse: And any symptoms of hypoglycemia
Nurse: in the week? No.
Nurse: No.
Nurse: But you still carry, Like when you were on your, uh,
Nurse: three hour hike through Central Park. You have something with you? Yes. Okay. I had a candy bar actually help the nut roll.
Nurse: So
Nurse: and I was chewing on that
Nurse: any illnesses, hospitalizations or procedures
Nurse: and exercise? Walking? Yes. Doing a lot of walking. Um,
Nurse: Both were on campus and at home and a lot of yard work.
Nurse: No formal structural exercise program, like at the gym or anything like that is gonna You cannot get there.
Nurse: Well, when winter comes and you're done with the outside stuff, it's probably a good time.
Nurse: Makes them stop there. I want to get the Lantis unit numbers down cycles.
Nurse: Now, with your news,
Nurse: maybe I can stretch it instead of having one pen every seven days. Maybe it goes every 10 days.
Nurse: Usually that happens with great loss. Yeah,
Nurse: unless you weigh the less insulin resistant you're in, the less medication you need,
Nurse: it's possible. It's tough.
Nurse: People tell me they looks like I've lost weight.
Nurse: But as you can tell, I haven't. But yeah, whatever. You lost Fat muscle. Yeah,
Nurse: weight on the scales. Not always the full story,
Nurse: but, uh,
Nurse: diet wise.
Nurse: You know, there's several things you can try, but you know the basics there, half your plate is veggies.
Nurse: And then the quarter of your plate is your meat recorder Played is your complex carbohydrate, and if you can
Nurse: substitute in more veggies. Sometimes you're more full and you don't have t toe.
Nurse: It's stuff that may raise your blood sugar.
Nurse: But we're going into that time of the year where it gets tough because you got
Nurse: going
Nurse: Thanksgiving that Christmas years. You have the the Christmas baking season where we have all kinds of crap in the house
Nurse: and it just,
Nurse: you know, it's It's just, uh,
Nurse: it's a discipline. It's just like I can't eat that crap.
Nurse: Yeah, well, for me, it's like if I'm
Nurse: eating healthy for a while, I've lost the craving for it. But if somebody brings something, you're you're getting unexpected treat
Nurse: then that I'm fighting that craving again because now I get that taste in my mouth and in my mind, and then I'm more apt to Okay, I'll get back on the wagon tomorrow, I'll get back on the wagon. Tomorrow
Nurse: is all of a sudden. That was four weeks ago on the scales. Going like this, well,
Nurse: that two things come to mind is
Nurse: we're just We're just talking about this with my wife. Last night used to be on Thursdays,
Nurse: Fridays. I think it's Fridays.
Nurse: Papa Murphy's would have the pizza sale.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: so we would
Nurse: historically pick up pizza from
Nurse: that. Doesn't even sound good. No,
Nurse: we haven't had that for a pot. Well, over six weeks.
Nurse: Wow. Yeah.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: Chinese doesn't sound good anymore.
Nurse: Those were both two
Nurse: meals that really not having with your blood sugars. Right? So those two things
Nurse: pasta. On the other hand, my wife makes a dynamite chicken noodle soup with all kinds of noodles noodles in there.
Nurse: In fact, we've had that this week, so,
Nurse: um, that's not good for me either. But but if you limit yourself,
Nurse: Yeah, I used to have, like, three bowls of that stuff. Now it's just a bowl. Yeah, but it's, you know, portion control is really
Nurse: key to weight loss. If you could just cut back or push yourself away from the table while you're still feeling like you want another serving, wait 15 minutes, and usually that
Nurse: eases off. Yeah,
Nurse: and it's just the discipline that you can push yourself away. Well, you're still feeling a little hungry and let your stomach catch up to your brain. Think we're good? Yeah,
Nurse: the thing. It's a bad habit, and it's it's something that I've told myself. Okay, today is Halloween, so I'll go the whole try to go the whole day without a cane. A mark,
Nurse: but it's Ah,
Nurse: at night,
Nurse: there's ice cream bars available that I find myself having one night,
Nurse: and it's used Iranian o'clock at night.
Nurse: I don't test any because I know it's gonna be high,
Nurse: but you should test to see what it does. The
Nurse: ice cream night versus nine ice cream night and or substitute yogurt and Berries. Um, knives is taken.
Nurse: Better substitute for get that craving sugar would be some grapes. Yeah, I love grapes and I love apples
Nurse: and just programmed myself to eat that stuff at night
Nurse: Or start, you know, alternating ice cream, burn fruit, ice cream, bar food. And then they eventually cut back a little bit more.
Nurse: They're all good strategies, and it's good that you know
Nurse: where your weaknesses are. Yep, and that you don't make a small change, something that you can live with. Anybody can lose weight on any diet because you're eating less.
Nurse: It's the maintenance phase. After you get done, you know your weight loss you wanted and not falling back into the same old habits that got you where you work.
Nurse: It's just, you know, kind of like a changing eating style. Don't take it with diet, but
Nurse: you know you can basically, what you want just have small portions of it
Nurse: just to get you a taste of whatever you want. Sure,
Nurse: that all works
Nurse: and you haven't been sick. And no, nothing. That's good. You got your flu shot? Not yet.
Nurse: I had gotten a flu shot back in February, so it was last year's. But it's gonna get you ready for this year's bugs and being on campus. There's a lot of bugs.
Nurse: Lot of people have been sick at work. Yeah, it seems like colds and stuff, but
Nurse: so we got a new form here. Just want we want to get on one form your heart history. So have you ever had a heart attack? No. Never had a stroke. You ever been told you have heart failure? No. Ever been bypass surgery? Stents, grafts, angioplasty, amputations? No.
Nurse: So now we'll ask you the same questions on this part.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: A little bit of duplication here.
Nurse: Okay. So other men's Lipitor. You're not taking that? Because,
Nurse: um I stopped taking that well over years, maybe almost two years ago. You're doing something to you.
Nurse: I I found myself being foggy
Nurse: is your LDL was 1 24 when we did your 24 month visit.
Nurse: A little above target, but no
Nurse: horrible.
Nurse: Keep fine,
Nurse: yes, so that this must have been when you were on,
Nurse: he told her said, in your LDL 70
Nurse: and using people diabetes, they want it less than 100 because the LDL is the bad cholesterol.
Nurse: And the nice thing about statins,
Nurse: if you
Nurse: side effects, is they get a pretty good track with helping to prevent first heart attacks
Nurse: because you got diabetes, you're more at risk for heart disease. So
Nurse: and there's other statins out there, too.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: that could be possible. Just just give you a little bit of the protective effect of the statin,
Nurse: hopefully without causing any the brain, fog or stuff or smaller dose. But that's something to talk
Nurse: with your primary about
Nurse: and still doing Baby aspirin? Nope.
Nurse: That aspirin B 12. Yes, 1000 e f Sure. Morning maybe.
Nurse: And d three,
Nurse: not D three know I will start that probably
Nurse: soon.
Nurse: Been outside today, The days get longer
Nurse: any weeks. But you're gonna be outside with your skin exposed, though, about cinnamon. Yes.
Nurse: In Metamucil? Yes. And what else?
Nurse: No.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: so
Nurse: blood pressure, medicine free.
Nurse: I don't think I need that.
Nurse: Know. Got excellent blood pressure.
Nurse: No heart attacks, no strokes, no heart failure, no medicines for heart failure. No basket procedures. And you're only using stuff for mustard diabetes meds
Nurse: in any cancer treatment for cancer
Nurse: and nothing going on with your kidneys
Nurse: and transplant. Still pancreatitis, emergency room visits, no
Nurse: motor vehicle accidents,
Nurse: amputations. Any problems with the eyes? No.
Nurse: And any depression treatment for depression?
Nurse: In the last three months, have you had any acute life threatening event? No hospitalization? Significant incapacity?
Nurse: No. Er visits no hard, even snow overdoses know severe lows. No
Nurse: and no ketoacidosis. Lactic acidosis, paper titers, thyroid cancer and no pregnancies.
Nurse: Excellent. Blood pressure on 21/83.
Nurse: 1 15/82.
Nurse: Weight stable.
Nurse: If you had to pick a weight, what would be your target? Goal Weight. 1 20
Nurse: 2. 20. You say 1 26 to 20
Nurse: and on the metformin. Any days that you forgot the metformin. Last three months. Yeah, um,
Nurse: forgot it, Teo. Twice on the trip.
Nurse: Um, and just this week on Monday, I forgot,
Nurse: uh, night dose.
Nurse: And you haven't You didn't need to cut back or stop taking it because you felt worse with your ears, the late effects.
Nurse: And you didn't remember to take it to New York.
Nurse: So you didn't forget to bring it. And it took my Atlantis in New York
Nurse: and you took it all yesterday. You don't stop it when your blood sugars are good. No.
Nurse: And you feel happy about taking with him
Nurse: becomes a routine for me. I says, I get up in the morning. They take it,
Nurse: I have to walk right by it.
Nurse: It's right on the counter, so I literally have to walk by it before
Nurse: going downstairs. Take a shower. So it's It's there. It's routine.
Nurse: It's at night. I want buy just before dinner
Nurse: and I see it. I take it,
Nurse: but to have Ah,
Nurse: if I didn't see it
Nurse: routine gets goofed up like I'm going out to dinner, maybe a basketball game at night, and I'm not at home.
Nurse: Then I have a supply in my jacket.
Nurse: That's good, but
Nurse: it sounds good,
Nurse: but remember, it's in there. Yeah.
Nurse: So, the last two weeks, just one Ms does? Yes.
Nurse: And that was also in the last week. One mistress.
Nurse: Any Ms Lantus?
Nurse: Like I said, um, missed Missed a dose in New York.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: but other than that, no. Okay.
Nurse: And he took it all yesterday. I did.
Nurse: Doing never stopped it.
Nurse: And you feel hassle about shop? No.
Nurse: In the last two weeks, any missed doses?
Nurse: Just the one didn't hear.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: all right.
Nurse: For four bottles of that.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: For bottles. What? Metformin.
Nurse: Oops. Randomized Kartini. A randomized to Januvia.
Nurse: So, Mike, and in theory, drop, Let's say, down a road drafted Januvia after the study,
Nurse: prominent Atlantis dosage goes up
Nurse: spending what you're doing on your weight and your diet. Okay,
Nurse: But, you know, first see what the price is. There's also medications that the study didn't have
Nurse: that are also a possibility. Um,
Nurse: in one that they have had is the Victoza, which combines glucose control with a little bit of weight loss.
Nurse: Because
Nurse: the Victoza kind of slows down. How fast your stomach empty see, feel full faster. And there's some weight loss associated.
Nurse: There's also a class of drugs that ended like frozen,
Nurse: that are ones that your kidney has a
Nurse: like a sugar threshold of about
Nurse: 180 for blood sugar. If you get above 180 you start peeing out sugar, which is how we used to test
Nurse: Cher's in the old days before we had a bunch of your testing
Nurse: to urine dipsticks.
Nurse: What these medications in this class do is the artificial lower that kidney thresholds or your picture up that
Nurse: essentially normal blood sugars. But you're still spilling sugar out,
Nurse: so you're losing some calories that way.
Nurse: And so there's a little weight loss associated with that, uh,
Nurse: major side effect of that drug Class East infections. Okay,
Nurse: because you got a sugar environment. But it's more of a concern for the women than it is for the men. Sure,
Nurse: they have shown medications that class. I have a protective effect on the heart.
Nurse: Problem is, they're super expensive,
Nurse: Um, but it's also something to check into in terms of insurance coverage. Also,
Nurse: you've got
Nurse: a number of different possibilities that all depends on
Nurse: cost
Nurse: and also your particular situation that
Nurse: no medications in this group might have these benefits for you. Whereas these
Nurse: but overall Lantis insulin. You know, there's no maximum dose. You take what you need, And then basically, the only side effect is hypoglycemia. So Lantus is very good.
Nurse: And for the
Nurse: most of the people,
Nurse: it's excellent.
Nurse: Okay. What's Ah, Do you have any idea Medicare coverage on Lantus?
Nurse: I don't know for sure, but I'm sure it's got to be covered by
Nurse: your Medicare. You can shop around for plants to you take it on a list of what your meds are
Nurse: to some plan
Nurse: administrator, expert.
Nurse: And then he confined you
Nurse: coverage of those meds, cause you know, there's that's your drug coverage, part of the Medicare. So
Nurse: you got to shop around and that's plenty right
Nurse: year? I don't know. I have looked into a chip. Yeah, I'm still employed. Yeah,
Nurse: but then that can change. Your You might have a great plan from this one company. One year
Nurse: next year they change what they cover. So you have to go shopping again to see which one's going to hit you bastard. Cover most of your meds at a reasonable cost.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: But you're not on a lot. Medications a lot of people. We see this whole columnist full of shit between cholesterol, blood pressure, three or four different meds.
Nurse: So, yeah, I think I told you the story to two years ago, three years ago.
Nurse: In fact, I think it was just before we started the study. In fact,
Nurse: the doctor was surprised
Nurse: he's that I was
Nurse: pleasantly surprised you got into this study,
Nurse: he said, but, uh, that same visit, he said, I'd like to put you on a blood pressure medicine, and he says Why? I said, My
Nurse: my supposed to lower your
Nurse: It will help lower your blood sugars. And I said,
Nurse: I don't think so. Let's see how this study goes. The
Nurse: what he may have been talking about there, too. Classes of blood pressure meds
Nurse: that some docks are very proactive,
Nurse: and they will prescribe them because they have a protective effect on the kidneys.
Nurse: I just said your blood pressure.
Nurse: You know all. How is my kidney function
Nurse: based on the way we look at how much protein you spell in your urine? Because that's using the first sign that the diabetes suspecting kidneys, think of the kidneys, a coffee filter
Nurse: and the protein are the coffee grounds, and normally the protein particles don't leak out in great
Nurse: numbers through the kidney. And when the kidney starts throwing a little bit of damage with due to high blood pressure, diabetes
Nurse: sudden will pick up more of these very teeny tiny particles approaching. Sneaking through
Nurse: average is less than 30. You're three.
Nurse: That's good. I mean, everybody will have three year for 10 or 15 or 20.
Nurse: Normal is less than 30
Nurse: and you have 2.61
Nurse: 2.4.
Nurse: You got a teen teenage kidneys,
Nurse: so that's
Nurse: looking for damaging the kidneys. The other thing we look at is your serum creatinine, which is a measure of how well your kidneys are filtering out
Nurse: creatinine, which is a waste product of muscle metabolism.
Nurse: And you you've been normal all the time in that respect. And then the other thing is there estimated glomerular filtration rate, which is
Nurse: fancy term for how fast your kidneys are filtering and you're
Nurse: find there, too. So all your kidney tests are excellent,
Nurse: but yeah, there are some docks that
Nurse: for somebody that's got borderline one thirties may say no good.
Nurse: This is good for your blood pressure. And it's good for your kidneys
Nurse: because this is actually protective effect of the kidney. So
Nurse: you're good
Nurse: in the last few months, have you had to call a healthcare provider for any issue? Were concerned? No email. Anybody know? See anybody in person? No,
Nurse: it's too. And you've had, uh, your exam. Your
Nurse: Yeah, that had that in February.
Nurse: Here.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Nothing for
Nurse: pressure. Nothing for cholesterol, No weight loss medicines. You're not on aspirin.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: The hormonal treatment.
Nurse: Not on any atypical anti psychotics yet. Know that yet?
Nurse: B 12 supplement? Yes,
Nurse: past three months. Have you had to have any cortisone shots? Pregnancy, All numbers?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Get drug, boy.
Patient: Oh, right.
Patient: There you go yourself. Like around. He was just here.
Patient: Uh, what is it?
Patient: Nice to see you
Patient: been real good yourself. Good God. You having a good fall so far? Yeah. Good. So this is what? They're 27. 30 months? Seven months for you. Okay.
Patient: Wow. You've been feeling good. Any concerns at all today?
Nurse: Not at all.
Patient: Okay, sounds good. Seems like you were last year, and I think you're doing pretty well.
Patient: Um,
Patient: remember where? Yeah, your last a one C was 6.8.
Patient: I had mentioned your, um,
Patient: cholesterol was a little bit high the last time. Did you have a chance to talk to your doctor about that, or No,
Nurse: I have not.
Patient: Okay. Yeah, because I think you had been on a cholesterol medicine, but then you had some side effects, right? Yeah. Fogginess. Yeah. Interesting
Nurse: short term memory.
Nurse: Uh, and so I
Nurse: basically it told my doctor last visit, I had stopped taking
Patient: it.
Nurse: Last visit was in November of last year. Yeah, So I'm due for another physical.
Patient: Do you feel like it's helped? Yes. Yeah. So your fogginess is gone, you know? Interesting. Uh huh. Go ahead. Which are? Yeah,
Nurse: Well, this one.
Patient: I'm gonna take a look at your
Patient: your data here. Any problems with the little blood sugars and I'll fall in your hands
Patient: for my hair
Patient: leaves, leaves
Patient: way week. And we're jumping in the way.
Patient: I don't know. My kids bring on some things.
Patient: 37 units of Atlantis
Patient: and the Januvia and the metformin. Any side effects is, you know. Okay. And you said no low blood sugars
Nurse: know
Nurse: most blood sugar have seen is I tell him. I think it was 73 years.
Patient: So not bad. No. Yeah.
Nurse: And that was right afterward. 5. 30 in the afternoon.
Patient: And what are you doing for physical? Excellent. He's
Nurse: doing a lot of walking,
Nurse: but nothing Structural, as far as exercise like walking is great. Yeah. At the campus. I want a lot.
Patient: Yeah. So you're all over the place.
Patient: Good. Um, So, yes. So your a one c was down last time, cause it had been, you know, 7.67 point o other than 6.8. So, really,
Nurse: my numbers have been averaging in the mornings,
Nurse: right around 94 to 96. Okay, Nice. Yeah. And so when I get into the eighties for three or four days in a row,
Nurse: I'll drop it back.
Nurse: But then I'll have a tough weekend of lots of beer or something.
Nurse: These things happen.
Patient: Life happens until you raise it up again. And so what's the lowest? What's the highest dose you would go for
Nurse: so far? Since the last time we visited the lowest dose, I think was 35.
Patient: Okay, so in the highest
Nurse: has been higher and 37
Patient: 80. Yeah. Any swelling of the ankles.
Patient: Okay. Any problems with your feet? Numbness? Tingling?
Nurse: No, I do have a blister on my right. My left toe.
Patient: Okay. Do you want me to take a look at it? Yeah, let's just see.
Patient: How long have you noticed it?
Nurse: Um, I was in New York. Couple
Nurse: go
Patient: there. Yeah. Was it for pleasure work?
Nurse: I assume it's a booster.
Patient: That's a blister. And it actually
Patient: pretty well,
Patient: Rest your foot. Looks good. Doesn't hurt. No.
Patient: Did it ever use anything?
Patient: Let's just
Patient: keep an eye on it. Yeah, It doesn't look like anything concerning, like, infection there, anything like that.
Patient: But a lot of walking relaying different shoes. Know these
Patient: away?
Patient: Yeah. Just watch it. If you notice any, like, readiness or
Patient: any, if it opens up or anything like that,
Patient: talk to your doctor about it. But it looks like on this way,
Patient: So that's good. So and no burning sensation in your feet? No.
Patient: Good.
Patient: And when was your last eye exam?
Nurse: In February. So that's
Patient: okay. So you're due for that in February?
Patient: Nice.
Patient: And weight's about stable, and obviously you're down from when you first started the study. So you're kind of doing all the things you're supposed to be doing. You know, you're active. You're maintaining your weight. Your blood pressure's good control. Your diabetes is under good control. Um, you know,
Patient: diet wise. Where What do you What do you doing these days? What's kind of are you typically eating breakfast in the morning?
Nurse: I always
Nurse: have cereal.
Nurse: I need the whole green,
Nurse: uh, cereals. Okay, which is I love this stuff. I don't put any sugar. Really? Swing around it.
Nurse: However,
Nurse: that would be an occasional sweet roll that gets in there. Yeah,
Nurse: um,
Nurse: I always eat lunch.
Nurse: Um, gotten into a habit of eating carrots,
Nurse: pee pods
Nurse: and grapes for lunch. Great.
Nurse: Oh, nice lunch. Yeah.
Nurse: Not a lot of protein in there, but
Patient: it's okay.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: And then at night, um,
Patient: I mean, you can throw in a few nuts or something, You know, something simple, but not a lot, because they're high in calories, but they're really nutritious
Nurse: at night. It's It's just telling, like, you know, we used to have this thing were on Fridays, we would go on, get a pop on Murphy's.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nurse: That doesn't even song.
Patient: Really? Okay, so you can quit for,
Nurse: like, two months since we've had that
Nurse: Chinese. Doesn't sound good.
Patient: Yeah. Interesting. And those are the two. The tent Spike. Your sugar is almost Yeah. So I kind
Nurse: of stayed away from that
Patient: stuff. So you doing more? You What? What do you eat them for? Dinner?
Nurse: Um, a lot of brown rice. Ah, lot of chicken.
Nurse: Um, occasional hamburger.
Nurse: Um, soup this week. Chicken noodle soup, which is a lot of
Nurse: pasta,
Patient: which is also a lot of broth and vegetables like that.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: that's pretty much it.
Patient: Yeah. Do you put in any vegetables in your dinner? Is that more Just at lunch?
Nurse: Just that much? Just e mean other than, um,
Nurse: occasionally some corn or some peas, but nothing.
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: So, you know, it sounds like you're getting at least three servings of fruits and vegetables a day.
Nurse: Yes. I don't skip meals. Um, I go crazy when I miss a meal.
Patient: You get really hungry?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: For example. Let's say I eat it 5. 30 in the morning. So by 11. 30
Patient: Yeah, I'm
Patient: ready for Well, that's interesting. You say that I wonder if you have you ever tested your blood sugar that?
Nurse: No, Because that's too much of a house. Yeah, but it could.
Patient: But maybe just a couple times, because, you know, I don't want you on too much insulin that that could be causing your hunger where you know, you're having to eat to keep your sugars out. Because,
Patient: you know, I
Patient: It may be that you're just hungry, but I would want to rule out that it is like, Oh, your sugar is starting to fall. And that's why you're really hungry at that time. So And if that is the case, then I would advocate cutting back to Lantus a little bit. Okay? No, um so maybe just check that. You know what? Bring my travel pack with
Patient: maybe for a week, check every day before inch look and then see how that goes.
Patient: What other times of the day do you notice that? Does that happen at other times that today?
Nurse: Well, it, um
Nurse: at night I want to come home. See, I start work at
Nurse: I'm on the bus by six o'clock. Morning. So I start working According to seven.
Nurse: I'm
Nurse: home by 5. 15. I test at that time. Okay, I'm very hungry at that.
Patient: Yeah, And sugar is not low it that,
Nurse: you know, it's in the eighties.
Patient: Eighty's.
Patient: Okay.
Nurse: In some seventies. Yeah, it could. It could vary from mid seventies to get eighties
Nurse: in the morning and in the afternoon
Patient: because, you know, I mean, I want you to maintain a healthy weight, but I don't want insulin to be stimulating your appetite. So my hunch is we may need to cut you back a couple units just across the board usually, Um, but let's get some data. See where that is. Certainly, if you're kind of regularly in the seventies before meals, e probably cut you back a couple of units and just see where things are. Um,
Patient: you know, and
Patient: I think your let's see, your weight is 107 so, you know Yeah,
Patient: I'd like to see you a little bit lower. And the weight, you know, just a far as having a good cardiovascular profile and things like that. Just,
Nurse: you know, the goal would be to 20.
Patient: Yeah, because your heart, you're very tall still, you know, So maybe just a little bit cutting back. So anything we can do to help this forest not making you more hungry than you need to be. That could be a good thing
Nurse: to cut to the quick. It's way too many sweets.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: I mean, uh, it's it's the candy bars, the ice cream. But
Nurse: it's the building. It's It's the Yeah, it's It's the stuff that I know in my head. Yeah, it should be eating.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah,
Patient: I think just But like you do, you bring good things to work. And so if you bring them, you'll eat. Um,
Nurse: and those things I like.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. And so just making sure. And I filling up on the good things before I haven't had the other junk. You know, those are important things I would also advocate may be adding in an extra fruit, maybe at breakfast or something like that. You know, instead of just doing the Cheerios because we do know that processed foods tend to actually increase your appetite. And so trying to have more whole foods and less processed foods can really make a difference.
Patient: Um, so just having a little bit more. Um, you know, ideally, somewhere between seven and 10 fruits and vegetables a day That sounds like a lot for a lot of people, but I think the point is just raise. Raise that a little bit. You know, fruits and vegetables have a ton of fiber, lots of nutritional, you know, value. And they kind of bulk you up. So you feel fuller in it's low calorie. So trying to bump that one more? Yeah. Yeah. So I just say, like, um, increase fruits and vegetable to somewhere between five and 10 a day, Something like that. But you're in. You're in about 33 a day, so it's not much to add, but maybe add a little something at breakfast. If you had something at breakfast, maybe,
Patient: um, you won't be quite as hungry. Also at
Nurse: lunch, I used to, uh, zap a couple of these tiny pork links in the morning. Uh huh. Um,
Nurse: and they found myself and I've gotten away from that habit.
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: but I found myself not being is hungry.
Patient: Oh, interesting. Yeah,
Nurse: with a higher fat
Nurse: keeps your
Nurse: Do you recommend that?
Patient: Well, you know, it depends what they are feeling again. Like, you know, those again are like processed meats, which we're trying to avoid so I would say, you know,
Patient: know
Patient: if it's an occasional thing, it's not a big deal, but, like on a regular basis, um, we know processed meats kind of increased cardiovascular risk and increase some cancer risks. And so, trying to have more, like regular meats, you know, just kind of, you know, a pizza piece of meat that's unprocessed is much better than a process kind of sausage, bacon, turkey, those sort of things, you know?
Nurse: So Doc would
Patient: find that start it, start it,
Patient: um, you know,
Nurse: going shooting bad
Patient: eggs,
Patient: Just like, you know, like, you buy chicken breasts. You by That is, you buy, you know, pieces of meat. I think you know, Truman a little bit of a fat off. And things like that can be helpful. But you're not gonna have that for breakfast. You're not gonna have time to go wake up and eat that right. But, um, you know, adding an exit breakfast is a great idea because it's high in protein.
Patient: It's a
Nurse: pain in the butt. Yeah,
Nurse: it's twitch time. Yeah. I mean, you get up at five. You got to be out the door by court
Patient: and six Yeah, we're even just boiling, um, the night before having boiled eggs. Do you, like, boy likes? Don't
Patient: think.
Patient: But I think what you're doing is fine. You know, nuts are always a great source of protein that's
Nurse: there. There's plenty of those at home,
Nurse: you know, We're
Patient: just a small little, you know, a couple tablespoons. And that's, you know, just put him in a little container. Having with you kind of stays off a little bit of hunger as well.
Patient: You know, he
Nurse: was also talking about substituting. Is ice cream bar
Nurse: for for graves?
Patient: Yeah, great idea. See, Then you'll bulk up your fruits and vegetable section and reduce your calories. So
Patient: there's a really nice I mean, it all depends on your goals. Not everybody wants to lose weight, But if you have that as a goal, have you seen that NIDDK and I. D. V K weight loss calculator?
Patient: I don't know if you've seen that,
Patient: so that
Patient: basically it's a very realistic calculators. See, like if I want to lose X number of pounds in this much time,
Patient: what's my caloric and take half to be? And it's really nice because it's more scientifically sound than some of the ones that you could just find online. Um,
Nurse: so it's a nap?
Patient: No, it's just you go to their website and you can just It's the National Institute of Digestive. Something in kidney disease. What's an idea? Case stand for? I should know that.
Patient: Um, so it's like through the National Institutes of Health that they have a very nice
Patient: tracker just to kind of say Okay, this is my goal. This is my current weight. This is my current level of activity. And this is where I want to be in x number of weeks, months, things like that. And so it basically will tell you if you're at this current weight, this is approximately how many calories you're consuming per day. And if you want to get to this weight, this is where we need to go. And it gives you a very
Patient: realistic expectation of how much you need to be eating calorie wise and also encourages you to do more whole whole foods kind of like really food, not processed foods
Patient: because of the it really does make a difference in in your appetite.
Nurse: You used to just figuring that Take
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. You should lose 1 to £2 per week.
Patient: Yes.
Patient: You need more
Nurse: than 10 calories per pound. Maintain
Nurse: your weight. You'd be running a 500 calorie deficit, which is a pound a week.
Patient: Yeah,
Patient: but if you took like a week and actually looked it
Patient: accurately counted what you're actually eating calorie wise. Not that you want to do this, but if you were interested in you really said I really want to get to £220 and I'm now 235. You know, it's only £15. It sounds like a lot, but it's really not that much. What do I need to get their? You're probably gonna be trimming about 500 to 600 calories a day out of your diet. So if you think about like, oh, the ice cream bar now I'm gonna have Grave's that's gonna cut it quite a bit, you know, like little things like that.
Nurse: So that quick math would be
Nurse: £235 times 10 is a broad roughly 2300 calories. 23 50. That sample menus. Sure you would. So I get days of 2300 calorie consists of for you gives you breakfast. Lunch is and summers.
Nurse: It may not be food that you like. It'll give you an idea of
Nurse: what it's running 300 calorie and they
Nurse: but with exercise and I come in and 18 1900 count
Patient: Well, so I think the truth is exercise. You know, we exercise is not going to make you lose weight in the absence of diet change. It's just that's a wonderful thing to do. Is general health. It's great for your heart and diabetes and everything else but that in of itself, without making dietary changes and gonna make a difference in how your weight 40
Nurse: five minutes
Nurse: is one ice cream bar.
Patient: Yeah,
Patient: and he depressed me. Know I'm depressed too, because your sweet you 45 minutes and you have a muffin or something
Patient: Just killed. Yeah, but you've done good things for you,
Patient: but anyway, I think stop talking. I think you are not in a, you know, dangerous zone of be, you know, very overweight. But I'm just saying, if you want a goal of kind of losing, all right, it down. But it's an I d D K um, weight
Patient: track or weight loss calculator or something like that, but it's sort of It's pretty nice. I think you've got a very good diet. I think you're right. It's those little things that kind of the little snacks or things that aren't what we consider what we eat all the time. Those are the things that kind of add up.
Nurse: It's a craving. Know, Doc. It is'. I mean, it's like at eight o'clock, I gotta have something,
Patient: something sweet. Yeah,
Nurse: And he's thinking about this last night before this appointment.
Nurse: This is don't
Patient: Yeah, You got to enjoy yourself and a half those things every once in a while, but maybe just not on a daily basis, you know? And I think I think, Oh, I when I have that I got to go for an extra walk. I'm going to do something different to kind of compensate for, you know,
Nurse: like my gas is my A one C is gonna be somewhere between 6872
Patient: Yeah, you're probably right. But it looks like you're doing really well. We're just trying to find little things to help you. Um, but I'm I'm guessing maybe We'll want to drop that Lantus down a little bit. Januvia will leave the same metformin. Leave the same. Just try bumping up the fruits and vegetables a little bit, maybe cutting sweets down a little,
Patient: But overall, you're doing great.
Nurse: Maybe the month of November. Just go for it. See how it goes.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're doing awesome that we're getting
Nurse: into that time of year, though, because you have to do, like, I always get home.
Nurse: Suffer.
Nurse: Lot of us just sit around with on TV Year. What sports, whereas before he wrote the are doing stuff, I think this is a tough time of year.
Patient: Do you have any kind of, um so do you just usually do your walking outside or just on campus while you're working? Both. Yeah.
Nurse: I mean, um,
Nurse: I walk every morning from Kaufman. Done. You know,
Nurse: um, I walk
Nurse: from here to there, obviously, but I I walked
Nurse: easily three miles a day.
Patient: That's awesome. Good. Good. Keeping that up is great. I started talking about the diet a little bit more just because we were thinking like, okay, cholesterol wise.
Patient: If you're not on the medication, how can we worked on that as well in fruits and vegetables is probably one of the best ways.
Nurse: Should I give the medication to try? I still have some left over
Patient: work on some dietary. You know, if you really had side effects and that got better when you stopped it, I would wait, Talk to your doctor. You may want to consider a lower dose of a different medication that may not have the same okay effect, but I think the cornerstone for treating cholesterol, diabetes, everything is dying, you know, diet activity. And so, trying to focus mostly on that. Be interesting to see how dietary changes can affect your cholesterol, you know. And then, if you're still struggling despite kind of trying to eat more fruits, vegetables, more plant based foods, less processed foods, then maybe it's time to consider another, um, medication, you know, but I like to give you a good try on the diet before another medication is tried, especially from bad side effects.
Patient: Um, any other concerns or questions? Think
Nurse: about transition
Nurse: from, uh,
Nurse: study. That's to be oh, interesting recommendations, because instead of results until after January of 22
Patient: 22
Nurse: because we end April of
Nurse: 22 Morning.
Patient: 0, 21. Yes. Yes,
Patient: that's true. So, yeah. I mean, as far as I think, most studies typically recommend just continuing on what you're on in the study after it's over, especially if it's working. But of lot of times, you know, some medications are more expensive or you know things like that, and you've got to think of the practical, Um, definitely metformin's dirt cheap. It's been around forever, and something better we would not recommend stopping
Patient: Atlanta's. You know, I think the combination of what you're on is working really well. And so if your insurance is able to cover it and continue, I would just continue
Patient: with the university. Yeah, yeah. Um, And then the other thing is, um,
Patient: you know, there are newer classes of medications that have actually come out since the study has ended. Um, that are,
Patient: you know, also very good in protective of cardiovascular risk. Again, they're newer, and they're more expensive as well. So it's going to be a balance and trying to find out what's the best treatment. But as far as controlling your diabetes, you're doing it a wonderful job On what you're taking,
Nurse: um, I on animal insulin. Or is it?
Patient: No, it's synthetic. Yeah, it's human. Recombinant DNA. So it's a recompeting insulin. So it's basically just very similar to what human insulin is, but it's synthetic. Does not animal. Yeah. The previous insulins years ago used to be pork and
Nurse: sure. Do they still make that or? No.
Patient: No,
Patient: I don't think so. They don't still make pork insulin, do they?
Patient: I don't know how they would either.
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: So keep up the good work. Nice to see you. Good. You fall and we'll see you next year. All right. Take care of this form. Yeah. Is it fall winter? Have a great winter.
Patient: Uh, thanks.
Nurse: Okay, we get
Nurse: paperwork.
Nurse: How are
Patient: you on testers?
Patient: I
Patient: want to run over to the office farms. Gonna be here for a while, right?
Patient: If I'm back in about now,
Patient: cut your list.
Patient: What?
Patient: I burnt it on the wood stove. I was shoving a piece of wood in our wood stove in a brand brand.
Patient: Okay. Got your
Nurse: insulin the okay. They lost the green tab here. No. Okay.
Nurse: Which surprises this first ever seen?
Nurse: Got insulin.
Nurse: I got metformin
Nurse: and supplies alcohol swabs.
Nurse: I'm good on those
Nurse: light sets for poking your finger. I could use a box of those
Nurse: e got you 10 strips for as money. It's two a day. Okay,
Nurse: now the insulin. I brought my cooler. Okay, so with the ice pack,
Nurse: put that in.
Nurse: Well,
Nurse: again. Next appointment is mid January
Nurse: nonfasting.
Nurse: But you'll have to pee.
Nurse: Car
Nurse: This'll be cold enough for you.
Nurse: So we have a 2020 calendar.
Nurse: Thursday's good day. Yeah.
Nurse: I gotta go get, like, 16 different ways to go toe workspace
Nurse: APS on the phone Because
Nurse: security jump. No,
Nurse: you like the early one.
Nurse: So Thursday the ninth, There's a 7. 30 available.
Nurse: Next Thursday is the 16th.
Nurse: That one's full through the night through the night.
Nurse: Do you want me to send out the sample menus? Going to see what it? Yeah. I think we have a 22 100
Nurse: Right? Because the dietician made him up,
Nurse: Gave us different calorie ranges.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: That would be good. Talk.
Nurse: My yellow sheet
Nurse: thin sample menu.
Nurse: 80 websites. Good, too.
Nurse: They have ah, calculators. You living with type two diabetes, part of their website.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: so they have
Nurse: different types of been used foods like that, too.
Nurse: That thank you.
Nurse: Calendars.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Really gotten it before the year started.
Nurse: Usually we get him in June
Nurse: and you don't get rid of a lot of them.
Nurse: Okay, this ends E
Nurse: 27 month visit for purchase meant to 800 to 7 to the local time is
Nurse: eight.
Nurse: 39.
Nurse: I guess so.
