Nurse: Now we're going to start. Today's great visit. Today is Saturday. Um, November 2nd. And the local time is 9. 10 in the morning.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: I'm here with the My name is Nina Prikhodko. I am the research assistant for the Great Study site. $17. 0. I'm here with a great study participant with a D number 170.2 to 4, and he's given me permission to record this visit. This is a quarterly visit, and the visit number is 33.
Nurse: All right, let's go and get started. Josh.
Nurse: So
Nurse: you were saying that you were almost at, um
Nurse: okay, Yeah. We'll definitely go over supplies today. And now replenish that along with your medications. You have your meter today. Perfect.
Nurse: Um, tell me about your last few months. Have you had any word numbers?
Nurse: I'm sure you've talked Alexandra and last night a little bit, but
Patient: basically, steadily
Patient: incline
Patient: directly to,
Patient: uh, stress. And, uh,
Patient: you know, uh,
Patient: job, job requirements, coming home and raise. And, yeah, it's not working out for great cycle. For health wise
Nurse: is did you change your job or just your job is very stressful.
Patient: Uh, so we're going on. Our wife and I are going on vacation
Patient: right after Thanksgiving.
Patient: We're gonna go for 10 days on, uh,
Patient: just getting everything prepared so I can be done for 10 days. Okay. Is, uh well,
Patient: Thursday, I worked in 18 hour day.
Nurse: Oh, my. Do you do you take regular books. Teo do that.
Patient: I just, uh I did what I needed to do. Grab something. Greens. Didn't even realize that it was almost 11 o'clock. Just
Nurse: Yeah, even if it's like a granola bar, some something in your pocket, that's
Nurse: not just candy, you know, because I did
Nurse: not having regularly. I mean, I'm sure you know that's not having regular meal times really effect. I knew. But sugar,
Patient: it's definitely affecting your study.
Nurse: Okay? Do you self titrate your large ing does,
Patient: uh, So it's Alexandra. I been doing a
Patient: 1 55 55 I've increased that on my own. 16 60. So 100.
Nurse: Okay. And how long ago did you increase that?
Patient: Uh, was last Tuesday, last Tuesday.
Nurse: Okay. So just the brand using. Yeah. Okay,
Patient: so
Patient: we kept it at 55 but now it's at 60. Okay,
Nurse: so 1 20 total. What about so gliptin the same dose,
Nurse: and that's Ah ah 100.
Nurse: Yeah, E i
Nurse: Once I said it looked in dose. Usually I think it's 100. And then what about your metformin?
Patient: Yeah, for for these
Nurse: 2000,
Nurse: Uh, any problems with
Nurse: being able to take those? Just kind of do it in the morning and at night? Do you take You said of lifted in the morning or at night?
Patient: I take all of this in the in the morning time frame. The other one. I did actually try shift again at night, so we we did. We split it up months back. We split it up for half and half. Okay? We did a full combination,
Patient: and it was asked to be taken in the morning
Patient: because it's on the high rates and everything. I also like what happens by taking at night. So I tried taking it at night, and then
Patient: it's
Nurse: okay to take it in the morning.
Nurse: I
Patient: haven't taken it this morning.
Nurse: That's fine. Um, I couldn't get you some, uh,
Nurse: water or coffee or something if you need. And we could take your medications because it's not a fasting visit today's just
Patient: I in order to keep constantly. I'm always fasting that way. Okay, every single one of them,
Nurse: right? For Did you do your that? It wasn't morning that morning. Was it this morning?
Patient: Uh,
Patient: from two.
Nurse: Okay, Yeah, that's a little bit high. Is that kind of in the norm for you in the mornings?
Nurse: Okay, that's
Patient: it's that
Patient: or
Nurse: Well, um, I'll really this to Alexander and boss. Mine will see if we need to adjust your glargine further. But I'll look at your A one c too. So that will give me a better average of kind of what's been going on over the last three months.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: okay, um, as far as your other medications go, Josh, are you still taking omeprazole
Nurse: atorvastatin?
Nurse: Lisinopril hctz combination? Um, cyclobenzaprine is needed. And now person is needed.
Nurse: And then sildenafil and multivitamins.
Nurse: Anything else I'm forgetting? No. Okay. No allergies.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: All right. Let me ask you
Nurse: here. So, talking about your supplies, right?
Nurse: Ah, you've been definitely need more lancets today. Your age.
Nurse: I'll get you a box. It's 100 in the box. So you should be okay till next visit. Right? Um, meter strips.
Patient: Meter strips be funny, but obviously the regular regular count would be great. I'm probably gonna show. Asked to take it more, so I probably
Nurse: wouldn't want to want to do it. Not just fasting.
Patient: Yeah, I'm probably gonna need more. Lancets could switch from each time.
Nurse: Okay, so I'll give you two boxes. Okay. Um, what about pen needles? The pen
Nurse: bit of enlarging. They're
Patient: going to say the pen needles
Patient: now up to, you know, between dance way. And it's like now I have three shots like you have instead of two.
Patient: Um,
Nurse: well, I think every two boxes instead of one. Today, it's 100 in a box, too. So,
Nurse: um, and then do you need more alcohol wipes? Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Do you want more than one box? Okay, I'll give you two. Is that good enough? Um, Sharps container. Sharp container.
Nurse: You don't forget to bring it. That's all right. Beautiful can use my, um I'll get you another one today.
Patient: Well, I have one.
Nurse: Empty it back up.
Patient: A full one. A one that I'm using. I think I have an empty one, but I'll take another one.
Nurse: Okay.
Patient: I'll drop it off with
Patient: Yeah, next week.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Do you want a paper packet for your blood glucose numbers Did keep one.
Patient: No, but I found out that I have an app on there that I could actually start plugging. Okay. Drag. Yes.
Patient: A little bit better for me. So start using.
Nurse: Okay, Good. Yeah. That's all we use here. We went down with your meter, and then we have everything electronically, so we can always look at the average is and things like that. Okay. So I'll get you some supplies while we check your blood pressure.
Nurse: I do have your honorarium check here. So thank you for being part of our study. Appreciate you being with us. And actually, you are coming up on your three year anniversary for your next visit. Okay, That's gonna be about mid February.
Nurse: And that's one of those big visit. So we have to have you here during the week because we don't have the capacity to run the lab and hold on on Saturday.
Nurse: Can you come in around eight o'clock on any given day? You want to schedule ahead
Patient: of your better
Nurse: seven?
Nurse: Okay. Okay. Let's do seven. That's a really good start. Time for us. Um,
Nurse: and I'm looking around the week of
Nurse: Gee, uh, February 15th.
Nurse: I can't remember. We have a couple of appointments that air annuals already scheduled around that time. So is there a specific day you prefer during the week? If you have to take a day off?
Nurse: Not a Monday. Okay. No problem.
Patient: So the week of February, so it would be the next week
Patient: or the week.
Nurse: It could be if you you could be a few days here. They're Yeah.
Patient: Okay. So, um,
Patient: could do the
Nurse: two today?
Nurse: Probably. Yes. I'll shoot for that.
Patient: We want to just check it first.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll check for sure. While we get the blood pressure. I'm just trying to get preliminary dates. Like, if you only can take use. This only could do Fridays out a schedule and figure it out. So we'll we'll look at that Tuesday. Make sure that it's available for you. If not, is there another good day for you?
Patient: I could do it.
Nurse: Okay. Perfect. So the week before the, um
Nurse: oh, the week after the 15. Okay.
Nurse: No problem.
Patient: So whatever day you have in there,
Patient: I'll put it on the calendar
Nurse: got him. Okay,
Nurse: let me go ahead and ask you better
Nurse: questions here.
Nurse: All right? We're gonna talk about since last visit. So since August, Okay,
Nurse: and today is already
Nurse: November 2nd while
Nurse: so what are you just Were you guys going on vacation? Uh
Nurse: oh, my gosh. That's so exciting. Okay, well, hopefully you have stress. Just melt away,
Nurse: watch what you're eating. And I'm sure there's someone to get stuff there for you to try.
Patient: Way
Patient: for every single
Nurse: Good. I'm excited for you guys. I'm sure you just really good relaxing vacation, especially with working so hard. So you okay?
Nurse: All right. So let's talk about the last three months. All right, Josh,
Nurse: In the last three months or since your last visit, Heavy had a new diagnosis of high blood pressure.
Nurse: Have you started new medication for high blood pushing? Have you had a new diagnosis of high cholesterol? Know your medication for high cholesterol?
Nurse: Have you been?
Nurse: Have you had a heart attack since last visit? No stroke? No. Have you been diagnosed with heart failure? No. Hey, have you started a new medication for heart failure?
Nurse: Heavy head. Uh, vascular procedure.
Nurse: Have you taken in your glucose lowering medications not prescribed by us
Nurse: since last visit. Have you
Nurse: been diagnosed with cancer?
Nurse: Have you started a new treatment for cancer?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with kidney disease of protein in your urine?
Nurse: Have you started on dialysis? Have received the kidney transplant.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with pancreatitis since last isn't heavy. Had an ER visit or hospitalization?
Nurse: Um, have you got a more of a motor vehicle accident in which you're the driver?
Nurse: Have you had a weight loss procedure
Nurse: since the last visit? Heavy had an amputation of related to a major accident.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with diabetic eye disease Retinopathy?
Nurse: Do you see an eye doctor regularly, Like once a year?
Nurse: No.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Yeah. I would definitely recommend for our diabetic patients to to have a least once in your checkup.
Nurse: His eyes were one of the things that can get affected with the micro vessels. Okay,
Patient: Uh, get appointment next week with my
Patient: primary care again. Subsequent report.
Nurse: Perfect. Yeah, he will be a point of contact for referrals and one okay.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with depression since last visit? Uh, are you currently being treated with medication? of therapy.
Nurse: Uh, have you had an acute life threatening event since last visit?
Nurse: Have you had hospitalizations for more than 24 hours?
Nurse: Persistent or significant incapacity
Nurse: if he had a treatment to prevent the currents of a serious medical problem, could include it could include an er visit for the Medicaid acidosis. For example.
Nurse: Have you had a possible heart event event related to circulation?
Nurse: Have you had an event resulting from an overdose of any medication? No.
Nurse: Have you had severe hypoglycemia? So much of this one had to help you.
Nurse: Uh, heavy had accu metabolic decompensation,
Nurse: lactic acidosis,
Nurse: a pancreatitis,
Nurse: thyroid cancer,
Nurse: pregnancy resulting in a child with birth defect.
Nurse: But
Nurse: all right. And are you taking your study metformin? Josh?
Nurse: Okay. Uh, 2000, you said,
Nurse: but, um, it for me?
Nurse: Yes.
Nurse: You know, when I go over it and date and Terry and I would
Nurse: look at it and see what? Why did I do that? Thank you. Appreciate it. Uh,
Nurse: 2000.
Nurse: Okay. Uh, do you sometimes forget to take your metformin?
Nurse: Have you ever stopped back? Stop or cut back on taking metformin without telling your doctor because you feel worse when you take it
Nurse: right when you travel or leave home, Do you sometimes forget it?
Nurse: Good. Uh, did you take all of it yesterday? Yes.
Nurse: When you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control, do you sometimes forget you metformin or stop taking the metformin, though,
Nurse: Uh, do you ever feel household or bothered by your treatment plan?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: And how often do you forget your metformin? Is it never really? Once in a while? Sometimes. Usually.
Nurse: Okay, Good. Any doses missed in the last two weeks?
Nurse: Okay. How many pills from metformin are you supposed to take per day for
Nurse: out of the last seven days? How many of the 28 pills? But you've list 01 to 6. Okay. And are you taking you sort of Lipton's?
Nurse: Do you sometimes forget to take yourself a listen?
Nurse: Good.
Nurse: Ah, have you ever come back or stop taking it without telling you, doctor? Because you felt worse when you take it.
Nurse: Have you forgotten when you travel and leave home,
Nurse: Okay. And did you take all of it yesterday? Yes.
Nurse: Um, do you ever feel, uh, when you feel like it may be the symptoms are under control. do you sometimes stop taking you sort of gliptin.
Nurse: All right. Uh, and do you feel hassled or bothered by a treatment plan with that medication?
Nurse: Do you all forget it? Never. Really, once in a while, okay. Know does is mister
Nurse: perfect. Um, just
Nurse: confirm on your prescription here. So I did see four bottles of metformin in there and into sitagliptin. Okay? And we're not changing your dosages today on any of that. Still at a, um, immediate release Metformin.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: okay. And then for sitagliptin, you were at 100 mg. Just We'll keep it that way
Nurse: in two more bottles for you today.
Nurse: Okay?
Nurse: Uh, and you haven't started on glargine.
Nurse: Um, so
Nurse: total those parent to today's visit, you change to 120.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: I'm not gonna change that for you today. I mean, this is anything for you anyway, so we'll see how that goes. And if that helps your numbers
Nurse: to go down a little bit more and also we'll look at your a one c two to see if there's any more drastic changes than you to be made. Okay,
Nurse: as far as your glargine goes with God,
Nurse: seven boxes or 35 pens today. Okay,
Nurse: um because you increase your dose a little bit if you
Nurse: run out before, I mean, if you calculate, maybe let us know week ahead, or so we can mail you some if we need to, uh, before your next visit. Okay.
Nurse: And you have not been started on any rapid acting insulin, right?
Nurse: Very false walkers.
Nurse: Yeah. Let's let's see how it goes. I'm hoping that not
Patient: not either. Okay,
Patient: Members.
Nurse: Okay. Yeah. Well, you know,
Nurse: we'll have that conversation when my asthma, uh, looks at your numbers. She'll give you a call and we'll go from there and see what we need to do. Okay, but yes, that would be the next step if if we're not able to manage with what we've got right now,
Nurse: as far seen any other doctors besides the great study
Nurse: care providers in the last three months have you had to call and hungry his health study provider about healthy show concern on a phone?
Nurse: What about an email? Online portal. Text messages. Digit to communicate with any doctors. Did you see any doctors since you saw us in August?
Nurse: Okay, but you are seeing your PCP in the next week,
Patient: right?
Patient: Nutrition we're talking about. I visit. Okay. Okay.
Patient: Give me,
Nurse: um Have you been admitted to a nursing home or rehabilitation facility in the last three months? Okay.
Nurse: Right.
Nurse: Looked at your medication list here, but just confirming you're taking some medication for high blood pressure.
Nurse: Uh, you're taking atorvastatin for cholesterol?
Nurse: Uh, any weight loss medications?
Nurse: Any aspirin?
Nurse: Any other glucose lowering medications? Not prescribed by us? Know
Nurse: any hormone treatments? Androgen testosterone replacement
Nurse: any. And they're psychotic medications.
Nurse: Um, any vitamin B 12 supplements?
Nurse: No.
Nurse: Um, have you taken any steroids or li Intravenous inhaled injected me shots. Sometimes people take new nasal spray for allergies.
Nurse: Okay, Uh, any depression or anxiety medications? Something, obviously? No.
Nurse: No problem with that, uh,
Nurse: stress related, maybe.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: I'm so sorry. See, that's also not good for your blood sugars. Josh, talk to your doctor about this and see if there's something they can help with. Okay, it's important that you get enough rest and good nutrition.
Nurse: Okay?
Patient: Actually,
Patient: one night,
Nurse: Okay. Well, one night only pretty much doesn't count for a
Patient: Remember. That's why
Patient: was after I got on a major project
Patient: work.
Patient: Yeah, and I was sick for the last. The last project that was being asked to be
Patient: I just got done the other day. That was 18 hour day.
Patient: So
Patient: technically, I have no more major comp.
Patient: Should be something more like
Patient: backed up.
Nurse: Think about your vacation. Imagine you're already there.
Nurse: You go to sleep.
Nurse: Even better so you can get through it easily. Right?
Nurse: Okay. Just so you can communicate with each other,
Patient: You know, just we're gonna be together the entire time, but that so my kids
Nurse: Oh, right. And get a hold of you. And, I mean, just in case you might
Nurse: be only be
Patient: able to get the phone number, Maybe maybe a distant relative or something.
Patient: Days way We haven't checked in a foam attached.
Patient: Yeah,
Patient: Other than that,
Patient: okay. Or
Nurse: that works.
Patient: I was considering leaving it actually, house. I'm not even taking it.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, if you take your burner friends, phones.
Nurse: Well, there you go. Never mind.
Nurse: Okay. Well, you have a good plan and motion, so
Patient: Yeah, well,
Patient: trust me, my wife, she
Patient: she said Yeah, yeah. We'll get another phone. So you don't have Excuse
Patient: me.
Nurse: There you go. She's totally on board for your for you to get away. And yeah, that's awesome. For
Nurse: all right. Well, if we have to get a hold of you will just leave a message. I don't think I mean, unless we
Nurse: you're leaving. When?
Nurse: Okay, so we'll definitely talk to you before then. If we see if we need to talk about numbers, Obviously. Okay, So this next form is about your cardiovascular health. We just It's not about the last three months. It's your whole lifetime. We just checking up on our
Nurse: participants with them Heart problems. Have you had the heart attack? Josh, have you ever heard the stroke?
Nurse: Um, have you ever been told that you have heart failure?
Nurse: Um, have you ever had a vascular procedure? Bypass stent grafts, angioplasty? Any surgery, use off on any arteries.
Nurse: Have you had any amputations? Not related to a major accident?
Nurse: Okay, good.
Nurse: All right. So that's it for my forms. But I do have a couple of things for you.
Nurse: Of course, as we usually do.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: and I will, um,
Nurse: go ahead and grab some supplies for you, and then check on that appointment to make sure that we can schedule it and not.
Nurse: Okay, so, uh,
Nurse: I'll hold off on things you need to fill out until after we do the blood pressure.
Nurse: Do you want something? Like water or No, You're good. Okay.
Nurse: I'll go grab the blood pressure cuff of what we're going to do is have you put your feet flat on the ground. Relax. I can do the lights.
Patient: Okay.
Patient: Interesting. You're definitely interesting.
Patient: All
Nurse: right,
Nurse: supplies while we're doing that, and then we'll have some work to fill out for you. Okay?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: What's going on here? Here,
Nurse: everywhere.
Nurse: All the login meter, too.
Patient: There's gonna be a couple of low blood for years. My wife actually took her blood
Patient: 70. Yeah. Okay. It's not
Nurse: you. Okay? Thank you for letting me know.
Patient: I don't think ever in my life or
Patient: anything.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Yeah, that would be really concerning if we saw
Patient: that last time.
Patient: Oh, my wife has their own here, but she's grab mine when she's had a little blood sugar.
Patient: Okay, like one or two
Nurse: times.
Nurse: Okay, Well, is going to drop your average is so it might make it seem less realistic if your numbers are high. Because the little numbers will offset it. So we try not to get, you know, share meters just for that purpose. But I'm initially if it was Yeah. Okay. So it probably won't make a big difference on on everything for you.
Patient: The numbers count is
Nurse: okay. So,
Nurse: trying to think about that right now, just relax, maybe think about, you know, a nice beach in Hawaii, and I will be back in five minutes. Okay,
Nurse: We'll take two readings. One minute apart. We won't talk until after the second, baby.
Nurse: Okay?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Good numbers. Um,
Nurse: 1 29/84 in 1. 27/88.
Nurse: So that's
Nurse: good blood pressure.
Nurse: Let's do the weight measurement. Next job.
Nurse: And your pulse rate was about 82 So that's good.
Nurse: All right, So, um, anything out of your pockets and then I make sure we're gonna have you take your shoes off here
Patient: or over there.
Patient: Cool shoes.
Patient: Night.
Patient: There.
Patient: Be able to make that determination without having to go outside in cities.
Nurse: Yeah, it's always best from a thin. Yeah, especially with Ms them when you like.
Nurse: You know, the ropes. And you you've done so well. Hey,
Patient: I'm getting recognition from a lot of a lot of people. So they know.
Patient: No, there's there's people that didn't know my name Now. No,
Patient: it's a
Nurse: good.
Nurse: That must be a good feeling. It
Patient: is
Patient: pretty arduous to get there.
Nurse: Yeah, lots of
Nurse: sleep.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Well, good goal Insight. So that's
Nurse: that's good. I was able to get you in on that Tuesday. The 18th. Okay, it's have seven o'clock. So there's your reminder card for that, Um,
Nurse: and after downloading your meter Yeah, I did say that your lowest was 43 which must be a wives' number, right? And your average was 1 60. So he might be your average might be a little bit higher than that,
Nurse: but it's not in two hundred's, which is, you know, based on what you were telling me earlier, I was wondering, like, I hope it's not that high, but still way wanted. We wanted within 90 and 1 20 usually, and that's way above that. So
Patient: one point it was 1 20
Patient: 1 21.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: I have all your supplies in here to
Nurse: give you medications that
Nurse: thin
Nurse: things. Cool things there.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: I do have a couple of forms for you here. Jobs. Okay.
Nurse: Um Well, first of all, I think we had a question about your current provider.
Nurse: Yes. Um, has that changed Carla Brian?
Patient: Um,
Patient: her name is now.
Nurse: Is it at the provider of American Lake? Yeah,
Nurse: it's in your records.
Nurse: Okay,
Patient: this one right here is no longer go back.
Patient: Okay?
Patient: It's not the doctor. Their office too.
Patient: I was didn't have problems being seen, but it was just
Patient: people didn't fill up paperwork, and then I had to get the metric choice, and
Patient: it's like they just need to do this and I don't know, coaching through it. I'm like, Why am I doing that? That's part of your job.
Nurse: Exactly. Okay, so we take Take that off.
Nurse: So you have a different provider here, elbow, so we'll have to look up. Yeah,
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: A scars. Anything else? Your phone number address is exactly the same.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: So Oh,
Patient: I have another Anybody to add. Well,
Patient: okay, we'll see.
Patient: Well, see, that's
Nurse: yeah. Way harder, kids. My son is my oldest is 12 now, but my youngest is three months, and
Nurse: I'm thinking, like when he goes to the playground in like, six months. He was just gonna walk up to a random kid. And they're gonna be best friends you
Nurse: like to do that. Doesn't tell us what we can,
Nurse: Um, go ahead and fill this form out for me as well, and we just have a blood draw after this. Okay.
Nurse: Know Brush?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Thank you. Yeah, for my favorite. It's very, uh, it's still fine tip, but it's very dark.
Nurse: All right.
Nurse: All that with that.
Nurse: In what arm do you prefer today, Josh?
Nurse: Left arm. Okay,
Patient: I will say
Patient: it was,
Patient: um I was, like, $10 worth of this,
Patient: and soon as I got my cool piano like I
Nurse: Oh, I
Patient: feel like my morning pants.
Patient: It really does. It's really friend material.
Patient: It's amazing.
Nurse: I got these jeans when I was on order to, and they're really nice for the for the amount of money. It was very little.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: I love,
Patient: you know, come officially with the Internet. Went, came
Nurse: around and
Patient: do it on my shopping.
Patient: I've had a couple of things that says it says from China or whatever and have that size chart.
Patient: That's nice. Chart isn't necessarily the right side.
Patient: size chart has some weird, weird numbers on a switch for a big gallon.
Nurse: You're
Nurse: right.
Nurse: Yeah, I found that out. Was shoes, word out a pair of shoes. And I said I tried the
Nurse: length or with. And then it's a pain to return if it's a third party. That Oh, overseas. So
Nurse: I just
Nurse: Yeah,
Patient: you're pretty stuck on that one. I've I've had that or I still have it of the block. Like you know what?
Nurse: Yes, That's what I'm doing
Patient: way better.
Patient: I know. It's
Nurse: kind of usually notice the sentence of also just
Patient: more. It would be fine,
Patient: but
Patient: it's
Patient: important.
Patient: First of all,
Patient: it looks like a camera.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: just a sec. I'll be
Patient: right back. Okay.
Patient: Have no
Nurse: Josh doing all right with that Band aid there. Okay.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: hopefully this is good. Or do you want me to get you, like, a big
Nurse: my back?
Nurse: Consolidate?
Nurse: Okay. Okay. Yeah. So hopefully this is good. I would say people just only actually like this whole list of
Nurse: words. Okay. Um,
Nurse: of course, you go want these? You can use the first. Yeah,
Patient: it would
Patient: have to be a therapy.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: I know. I love these. These air. So nice.
Nurse: All right, let me know if you have any more questions. So bring your bring your, um, container. Next time you're full container, Um,
Nurse: will be in touch. I'm sure within the next sometime next week. Either Boston or Alexandra.
Nurse: I'm not that important enough person to make those kinds of decisions just quite yet, so I just Well, thank you. Uh, I did for you too,
Nurse: to people that have been doing this for a long time. And Alexander has been managing diabetes. Had her own practice before this. So
Nurse: she's She's a nurse practitioner, so she's worked with that
Nurse: for a while, so
Nurse: yeah, way after advice.
Nurse: Enjoy your vacation to, um Do you need anything else for me before I walk you out? You know, you need the restroom. Me know. Okay.
Nurse: All right. Let's go ahead. And so is the first way. Okay.
Nurse: Forget
Nurse: are
Nurse: very important.
Nurse: Very
Nurse: thanks for coming in.
Nurse: This's that has now concluded the local time is 9:56 a.m.
