Nurse: going to start today's great study visit. Today is November 1st, 2019 on the current local time
Nurse: is 7 56 in the morning. My name's Steven Rela, and I am the clinical research coordinator at the Great study. Say two for one.
Nurse: I have a great study participant with the idea Number 24101 78. And he has given permission to have this visit recorded. There are no other people coming with this. Participate in this exam room.
Nurse: This is a quarterly visit and the visit number is 30.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: okay.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: So since your last visit, have you been diagnosed with high blood
Patient: pressure? No, I've already had
Nurse: yet. Have you been started on new medications, right?
Nurse: Since your last visit, have you been diagnosed with high cholesterol?
Patient: Not use this stuff I've had? Yeah.
Nurse: On any new medications.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: essential last visit. Have you had a heart attack?
Nurse: Have you had a stroke?
Nurse: We've been diagnosed with heart failure
Nurse: and I'm assuming no medications to treat.
Nurse: Have you had any vascular procedures?
Nurse: And have you taken any diabetes medications not provided to you by here?
Nurse: Right? Metformin?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with cancer centralized with, you know, I would.
Nurse: I was doing the treatment for cancer. Have you been diagnosed with kidney disease? Are looking?
Nurse: Have you been started on dialysis or achieved a kidney transplant?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with pancreatitis?
Nurse: And have you had any er, visits or hospitalizations since your last visit?
Nurse: Have you had a motor vehicle accident? Which were the drug?
Nurse: And have you had any weight loss procedures?
Nurse: And have you had an amputation not related to a major accident?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with diabetic eye disease?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with depression? Central expensive. Have you received any treatment for depression medication
Nurse: since your last visit? Have you had any acute left threatening events?
Nurse: Any hospitalizations? Any persistent or significant incapacity?
Nurse: Any treatment to prevent the occurrence of a serious medical problem?
Nurse: Any possible heart event event related to circulation?
Nurse: Any event resulting permit overdose on the medication.
Nurse: Any events of severe hypoglycemia where you couldn't treat yourself
Nurse: and any events of acute metabolic decompensations. This is diabetic ketoacidosis.
Patient: Everything's been normal.
Patient: Little it again. Three.
Nurse: Any left against it?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Any pregnancy resulting in a child with a birth defect.
Patient: I don't think so.
Patient: Got the wrong opinion.
Patient: I got the advantage. Therefore, I
Nurse: can't.
Nurse: All right, So you're still taking the metformin? Correct? And then LeBron and yes. And how many pills a day? You're taking a metformin.
Patient: Metformin. Taking four pills. 2000, 2000. Morning. 1000 at night.
Nurse: Perfect. And you sometimes forget to take your metformin. Good.
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: You're gonna ask the same question for the right. Okay.
Patient: Have you
Nurse: ever cut back or stop taking your metformin without telling me? Because it made you. Who knows?
Nurse: Whatever you travel early won't be. Sometimes forget to bring him back for me.
Nurse: And did you take over performing yesterday?
Patient: I got Today's doing more, but I haven't got the office yet.
Nurse: When you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control, you
Nurse: know,
Nurse: and you
Nurse: take metformin every day.
Nurse: So how would you say if you're gonna take metformin? Never.
Nurse: Yeah. Have you missed any doses in the past two weeks?
Nurse: He's
Nurse: and you're still taking
Nurse: questions again
Nurse: for you? Do you sometimes forget
Nurse: Have you cut back or stop taking it right?
Nurse: Okay. Whenever you travel e foam, do you sometimes forget to bring it with you and you take glimepiride yesterday
Nurse: when you feel like your diabetes under control, your cut back or stop taking it
Nurse: and you feel hasn't bothered on the glimepiride every day.
Nurse: Have you missed any doses in past two weeks?
Nurse: Her
Nurse: all right And how much? Shut up. Already taking that one
Nurse: on that? We started you on any insulin
Nurse: during the past three months. How many times have you are a family member on your behalf called a healthcare provider for any health issues or concerns you have
Nurse: again the past three months. How many times have you are a family member on your behalf? Contacted healthcare provider via email text in your own online portal for any health issues or concerns.
Nurse: I
Patient: think that is what They're disability. So mobile phone constantly with medical and got you. Okay. But not hurting. Now. I don't know my job
Nurse: and, er the past three months. How many times How many, uh, outpatient visits have you had? So it could be two. Primary care, doctor. Eye doctor, anything. That's
Patient: just my normal medical stuff. Okay.
Patient: Good.
Patient: Monday. I went to do Monday.
Patient: Okay, wait.
Patient: Do Monday
Patient: Last Monday,
Patient: doctor swimming for
Patient: Oh, my sleep study. That's
Nurse: gonna sleep. Study. Sleep, study. Have you had any primary business department chair?
Patient: I see her next week. Okay. Just a sleep study.
Patient: It was just getting My cpap machine died from 100 years ago. Seven. It was 18 years old of run into the crab.
Patient: And since the V A says we have no records of it, even though it was showing. Yeah. So I have to go through the entire process again. Initial in this assessment. Sleep study. You're right. You have it. Here is a new machine because the machine was sold. Yeah. I didn't even have any Didn't downloads? Nothing.
Patient: I just want to 2001 When I got the machine jury rig it to make it work
Nurse: for 18 years.
Nurse: Actually, much. Have you been admitted to a nursing home rehab
Nurse: facility?
Nurse: Just go over your medication list with a picture of things.
Nurse: The same
Nurse: change. You still take atorvastatin
Nurse: high cholesterol? Yes. Yes. Uh, sildenafil for as needed. Yes,
Nurse: I obviously metformin glimepiride losartan
Nurse: hypertension
Patient: for high blood pressure is
Nurse: vitamin B 12 supplement.
Nurse: I been pregnant as needed.
Patient: I don't take it. It's definitely better for the Motrin because that's my stomach.
Patient: I've
Patient: been Did you maybe. Oh, I haven't been years years touch.
Patient: I mean, they they gave it to me when I went to emergency room one time. Just
Patient: got stuck in the back of the boat. Captain,
Patient: is it IV girls in the hand? Uh,
Patient: and Motrin make my stomach stomach is turn.
Patient: I don't know.
Patient: Do you have a chance? I have B as in. Yeah, I saw. And I also have now report recently diagnosed. I don't know if I told you guys last time. I have now. Gastric
Patient: Parisse is gastroparesis. I have I've been diagnosed with gastric. Nothing has been done yet. I'm still scheduled to see the nutritionist because we're gonna try that routine before we go to new medications. So nothing's changed yet. I guess
Patient: in the last several months,
Patient: long as I've been diagnosed with and they're trying to figure out how to
Patient: deal with because I ds and my GERD right here
Patient: because the fraternity and and a pre meant resolve, whatever it's called pre X and took hers. All right, I'm at the max dosage. I cannot go any higher, but my bs and my girls are still gone ballistic. And so then they found out with the gastric. Parisse is now, and so they're sending me. The dietician were gonna try that route first before they change medications for my stomach
Patient: Because I guess that stuff has severe survivors of side effects.
Patient: And so nothing changed. Nothing much, Just nothing. I've been diagnosed with it.
Nurse: Nothing.
Nurse: And when did they diagnose your previous
Patient: two months? Last two months.
Patient: I know, but what am I missing?
Patient: Another has changed, I think. Changed. Except you just got I've been diagnosed with it. That's it.
Patient: Okay.
Patient: Yeah, because they left a screw up.
Nurse: Are you taking any weight loss? Medications. So, do you take aspirin? At least three times screwed up.
Patient: I did take aspirin, but one of my
Patient: colonoscopy, they didn't mean they saw erosion. So they said, stop taking over the counter stuff. I was taking the time. I was taking
Patient: calls. Me from the joints. I miss taking
Patient: aspirin, baby aspirin. Do you have minor hurt things?
Patient: And then I was also taking a
Patient: Centrum silver, you know, over 50 getting vitamins. And they said, Just stop taking over the counter stuff because it will show erosion on me.
Patient: I just take what I need
Nurse: you to take. Whatever you have to do that.
Nurse: Got a picture?
Nurse: Um, are you taking any more?
Nurse: You know, atypical anti psychotics? No.
Nurse: In the past few months, have you taken any Orel intravenous injected or inhaled steroids?
Nurse: Great
Nurse: and look like
Nurse: your grandfather?
Nurse: And are you currently taking any depression? Exactly.
Nurse: So have you had any change in your contact information since lesson?
Nurse: And you still see the same Primerica?
Patient: What do you got? Her name and she's got married. Her name's Thomas. Announced it. Thompson? Yeah, very.
Nurse: Uh,
Nurse: So you recently diagnosed with gastroparesis is
Patient: but no medications? No, I don't think I'm scheduled. I think I'm scheduled to see the dietician the end of November.
Patient: You know, the eight doesn't do anything fast, except, say the word note to your disability benefits.
Patient: You've heard of heard
Patient: it was in the short amount of time.
Patient: Okay, he does nothing,
Nurse: but
Nurse: I know trying to get my
Nurse: my walk access from V aids
Nurse: rial processed.
Nurse: Okay, So what? The gastroparesis you said they initiated that about you want to
Nurse: have too much
Nurse: On
Nurse: what exactly? So they do anything like Did they scope today? You know what they did the test. What kind of they were You eat the
Patient: eggs with the sprinkled stuff with, and they take X ray of your stomach every 15 minutes watching you digest your food, and it shows the ending. I forgot what it's called that that
Patient: they have.
Patient: They put the poisoning, the iridium or whatever. The a the eggs. And then they they take one minute running photograph every 15 minutes.
Patient: They need it for three hours,
Patient: and they saw that my emptying is more than twice.
Patient: And another thing that's been happening lately, it seems like my morning throw up yet I have a dirt. It's getting my foods is You get well,
Patient: morning. Part of my morning ritual now seems to be, I'd say three, sometimes four times a week.
Patient: Just wait it out and empty. The stomach
Nurse: didn't from last night.
Patient: It's from what's ever left over. My body had pushed out,
Patient: and so that has slowly started.
Nurse: Well, let's I think we have like Oh yeah,
Nurse: yeah, no, that's good.
Nurse: So the late gastric emptying.
Nurse: So just
Nurse: there are 3 to 4 mornings.
Patient: Get 3 to 4 mornings a week.
Patient: When I get get things going and I get moving themselves, I get vertical, you know, stand up my stories. Okay.
Patient: And the thing is, it's not like, you know, when you do when you're sick. You know, once I do it, I brush my teeth. Give it comes in 10 minutes. I'm good to go. You find it's just my body says, vacate this food now
Patient: it sucks.
Patient: It's not really.
Patient: And,
Patient: you know, I've been with the A bridge. I don't work at the V eight. I mean, I work at the V, but I don't work for the the working for the veterans of form wars
Patient: and I've been studying This is all my issues or 100% interlinked and tight directly to call for syndrome. The I bs, the GERD joint pain,
Patient: the chronic fatigue, that sleep issue with the memory is all presumptive from the Gulf Force. It
Patient: thank you for, um, service. Of course. That comes with the territory.
Nurse: Yeah, I understand.
Nurse: On then. You're slipped. L five s one disc. Is that still
Nurse: okay?
Nurse: Yeah, I think
Nurse: they look great. Do the last they saw. Okay?
Nurse: then are you gonna be needing any supplies? Honest
Patient: Spares it up around the house to keep me going for probably two
Nurse: periods.
Nurse: So your blood sugars. How often do you check it? Check
Patient: it.
Patient: That's what I forgot to do it. So, what time was the appointment? I forgot to. I usually check it every day today. It was, first of all for gotten once,
Patient: but yesterday's number 1 13 13. Okay, I did my blood pressure every morning, and I do my sugar. Okay,
Patient: a bit. Pretty good. 13 like, Yeah,
Patient: upper like 11071 20 is usually around that right in there.
Patient: I think my lowest I ever got was like, 97 1 time.
Patient: I don't
Patient: I've got to log house
Nurse: for
Nurse: then That's your lowest you said. Probably recently. Did you
Patient: think the lowest I did that about
Patient: three months ago? I guess it would have been the last period or just after,
Patient: But like I said, it wasn't.
Nurse: It was dangerous.
Nurse: And you have? Have you had any sort of?
Nurse: And is it seven?
Nurse: And have you had any high readings? Anything, maybe above 21.
Nurse: That's great.
Nurse: And what is your diet to look like a three meals a day, usually
Patient: more like to to mention it.
Patient: I have never been never, even when I was in my primary young ah, morning breakfast person, which is one of the things I'm gonna have to change their telling me with this with my gastro paresis. So usually I don't need till one or two,
Nurse: usually.
Nurse: So usually, usually you wouldn't
Patient: usually I don't I never have, even when I was in the twenties, in the military thirties, Yet I'm not. If I've never been a breakfast person, that's
Nurse: when you do have your first meal. What do you do?
Patient: Usually will go to one of the restaurants
Patient: or will make something, and it's usually,
Patient: um,
Patient: staying away from the fried foods. But I'll go to like the deli and, you know, get a sandwich. Okay, you know, a sandwich or, you know, story tacos, you know, But it's not fried. Junk food is yeah, you know, because I work
Patient: in the business during to district over language. There's, like 30 40 restaurants, one street, all next to each other. Every thing's there,
Patient: you know, there's
Patient: it's it goes up where there's like a half a dozen Different, you know, like subway Firehouse, Jason Daily.
Patient: Yeah. So when I say a sandwich, foods just not sandwich. So sometimes I'll bring in a small bowl of mac and cheese or some chilly stuff
Patient: just every day. You know? Nothing particular.
Patient: Yeah, you know, not like breads. Or
Patient: I got to stay away from
Patient: certain breads I got to stay away from. And they're telling me now, fiber food, because it's too heavy is one that you think you want to start getting away from a little bit of it.
Patient: Okay.
Patient: And then dinner. What way? Have whatever the kid 22 year old moved in, and she's a chef.
Patient: So the last two nights, we've had a pork tenderloin. Okay, you know,
Patient: mashed potatoes.
Patient: And then
Patient: before that, she made, you know, really beef
Patient: veggies.
Patient: So we we'd halfway decent meal
Nurse: and usually about a good amount of vegetables.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Patient: She because there's some Bentyl one morning and she knows that
Patient: 50 years old, I don't like brussel sprouts. I don't eat brussel sprouts. I don't eat piece all the green beans. Yeah, but I don't eat people for you. I understand, you know, stuff like that. But we you know, So, like with the
Patient: the mashed potatoes and the port wine, We had green beans
Patient: the night before that. I had carrots. You know,
Patient: guys that ever since I had a stomach issue has gotten worse. My diet has
Patient: I've had to stop eating.
Patient: Yeah, I want a little speeches, so
Patient: I'll have maybe once a month. Which is what? That's what
Patient: I think. That's carry one has crack. Mine is Mountain Dew.
Patient: Yeah, that's good.
Patient: It's a tough transition. To completely change was you and you're young. You like, right now you're young. I'm invincible. I could take on the world. Okay.
Patient: When did the old man's are looking back at me in the mirror? Yeah.
Patient: And then you say, Oh, my God. I turned into a day.
Patient: That's what you say. I don't want my dad. I have No, I don't wanna be my dad that
Nurse: seriously,
Nurse: do you snack at all during the conflict, snacks, anything. I
Patient: know I'm in the office. I don't really eat a whole lot. One meal just constantly have people for those.
Patient: Okay,
Nurse: um and during the day, you're drinking plenty of water.
Patient: In fact, the lady calls me spoiled, like Fuji.
Nurse: Do you have anything else? Are they like
Nurse: coffee teas? You know, I'm not a coffee drinker.
Nurse: And do you have a consistent exercise? And, you know,
Patient: that is the one thing that's always been an issue.
Patient: I know I'm not,
Patient: you know, present best shape. But I know I'm above average in shape, you know? And, you know, endurance and stuff.
Patient: Working on the house. Work on my sister's house, working other sister's house,
Patient: you know. Oh, Steve, you're still got your electrical license. Come on over When you get a wire
Nurse: this and do that.
Nurse: Okay. Just kind of
Nurse: selected for sure. Uh huh.
Nurse: Okay. Everything looks good. Your blood sugars look great.
Nurse: Plans their diet. Seems like it's
Nurse: It's gotten
Patient: better if you start looking at the note. You'll see and doughnuts. And it was freaking Bangles. And I'm slowly transition Better food.
Patient: Well, that's great. So learning have it? Yeah,
Patient: it's gonna It's definitely gonna change. Definitely gonna change when I guess the nutritionist.
Patient: Is it okay? Make me a list that nose and then make a list of what I should, you know, like breads. starches in the mornings and you know, yeah, proteins. And whatever the and you know you don't want to do with the nutritionist sure is gonna change drastically, which
Patient: operates
Patient: because my nutrition affects my blood sugar.
Nurse: And you're going to see the nutritionist first for the gastro paresis on everything
Patient: they've got. Like I said this, I think it's scheduled sometime next three end of this month or early next month, I'll check my calendar.
Patient: Nutrition's.
Patient: That's again with the basis
Nurse: of
Nurse: a little more information about this. Was there anything that kind of,
Nurse: like, made you want to go to get that contract
Patient: Just
Patient: started going up my stomach. I always felt full right here on top, and they were doing a GERD check, okay? And my GERD And that's when they discovered the gastric paresis. They did the test twice, in fact, because I said the first one, it just didn't seem right like something wrong. So they gave me another one month or two months later. It was more control on this one. Definitely showed. Yeah, basically verified
Nurse: what they originally thought. Yeah. Okay,
Nurse: so everything looks good. Uh, I can't say much. What? You die because it's fine. I won't change anything. You get plenty of vegetables, which is great.
Nurse: Uh, is it your daughter? Your
Patient: daughter? Her daughter hurt my It's my step. Daughters stepped out. She just
Patient: moving. My boyfriend broke up with their own ways. And Mommy, there's little. But your dad do that?
Nurse: Yes. That's good shit. You're gonna get some good, well balanced meals
Nurse: to cook. That's great
Nurse: exercise.
Nurse: I don't. Yeah, but like
Patient: I said, I know I'm active because, like, I got to go fix the fence in the backyard, and I can't go repair this or go. Do you know what all underneath the car just do is typical. And that's eyes physical. You know, I don't I don't hire people, do my yard work. You know, if things the fans are fixed, the car, I do it. Unless it's beyond my means, crawling underneath the car. My truck is in 2001 with 280,000 miles, so I gotta do something
Patient: crawling in it. You know, I
Nurse: still get that.
Nurse: That's actually
Patient: that's I don't know. That's what I like to go to the gym. No, but it might.
Patient: I do. You know, I said, I don't hire everyone to do all my things. We go out, we put the whole grain decorations. There's people now I kid you not. There's companies out there. Hang up your Christmas decorations. Take him down. Same thing that we do all that. And, of course, I got a two story house. So in them, like my my open rooms or 16 ft tall, you know, the to open rooms. And so the roof is really high. So I get up there tight often. Hang up the Christmas lights. Bring up. Now. Guess what I got to bring down this weekend. Probably never ate
Patient: that. Are underneath the snow. Still
Patient: busy. Busy. Don't do gym. You're
Nurse: not going to the gym. Look that way. You still give you
Nurse: so one thing things You have to be here.
Patient: I got
Patient: my levels. Yes,
Patient: that's why I bring him.
Nurse: So these questions have to do with the past 30 days.
Nurse: Questions 78 and nine. If you answer no to those questions, just skip the next question.
Nurse: We'll start Pains State.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: area
Nurse: opening.
Nurse: Sure. They're not trying to move into the long awful.
Nurse: That's it. That's it. Just that.
Nurse: So Another thing I just want to clarify with you. Do you know the color of the
Nurse: pill?
Patient: It's a light green.
Patient: Just gotta make sure you have
Patient: that one right there.
Patient: You know, I said I take that one of my other 1000 mg
Patient: when I get to work.
Patient: Those are the three pills I take in the morning.
Patient: So
Nurse: anything we have to do here is just go over this with you because you've got patients in the past, have some issues with their dosing. So metformin, you're taking 2000 mg a day. Each pill is 500. That's 1000 pills. Two pills in the morning, two pills at night. They recommend taking with your toe. Had any GERD issues. You're also taking glimepiride 1 mg total. That's a to give you 2 mg pills that the green Don't you cut pill in half a pill once a day? All right, so we just need a quick signature down here, acknowledge and everyone over those instructions and you understand you're dozing and the medications that you're taking.
Patient: Holy Camp Januvia. All these These are all the commercials you see.
Patient: Like Januvia Victoza.
Nurse: It's funny. Now that I started working here. I see that I'm just like I know exactly.
Nurse: And
Patient: I know what it does to you. Don't buy it is not worth
Nurse: it. Sure.
Nurse: Just quit date.
Nurse: That is First
Nurse: I
Patient: had a dollar. I sign my name.
Patient: I must I kid you Not what I do with the VA over there doing paperwork. I'll probably sign my name 500 times a day. I just
Patient: just going to
Patient: send the form.
Patient: Not that high. But, you know, if there's some days like is it
Patient: on average day? I'd say 25 35
Nurse: is it is complete current time, 56.
