Nurse: we can. Anyway, this is participant to 800 to 6 to here for a 27 month visit. Local time is 10:04 a.m. I might study coordinator
Nurse: Curly.
Nurse: Right?
Nurse: I just noticed that spell by Cinopril Wrong.
Nurse: You wouldn't be able to prove it by me,
Nurse: you know, 1 41/71. 35/67.
Nurse: And you're on the 20 slash 12.5 for the lisinopril hydrochlorothiazide.
Nurse: And have you decided on your Medicare stuff?
Nurse: Would you have to pick a pharmacy plan? Oh, um, yeah. No,
Nurse: I go through the va. Okay, normally, but, uh,
Nurse: all of them, all of them are going right to, uh, Goodrich pharmacy right now because
Nurse: my wife works there.
Nurse: She gets, um, cheaper than
Nurse: yeah.
Nurse: Is Victoza carried by the
Nurse: It hasn't been I haven't checked. I go. I go
Nurse: Monday up to the VA.
Nurse: I'll ask, uh, I'm looking ahead to a year because close That starts next fall. Sure. Yeah. And for the people that are on
Nurse: Medicare plans, you don't. You make that choice every year, you're gonna have to go in there with a list of your medications and see
Nurse: who's got what Right at what cost?
Nurse: Because you're doing excellent on the routine we have you on. Right? But there's other options out there that might be cheaper. Oh, sure. Um, in their options, out through there could be more expensive.
Nurse: But you're doing so well on this one. It's
Nurse: It'll be up to you and your primary care doctor. We'll give you our recommendations. I'm sure you won't hear the study results until, like, around January of 2022. Because the last visits April of 21. Okay. And then they need time to crunch the numbers. Sure, but they're gonna
Nurse: somehow release. Do you guys first? Before they released to the public. Took it. What? The
Nurse: found out
Nurse: So after?
Nurse: Well, they're v a C span between the time I've done here, and
Nurse: they'll give you a 30 day supply of these kits,
Nurse: Okay. To give you time to get in to see your primary care doctor
Nurse: on looking head,
Nurse: you have a quarterly visit April 19th of 2020 to go to
Nurse: you have quarterly visits in April
Nurse: annual until I I'm trying to figure out when
Nurse: it's like 3/4 of people are gonna be done in that first wave that fall flash spring and last
Nurse: following one. But I have to look over my notes.
Nurse: I'm not sure the order, but, uh,
Nurse: we will get you three day supply.
Nurse: We know you're doing well on this. It's just that that Victoza rice can be up there, right? And I know it wasn't a V. Agent didn't offer it before, but there might be there's more competition. Now there's Trulicity, which is once a week. Yeah, that's what the same class.
Nurse: Okay. And so they may carry something in the class.
Nurse: It's getting time to start checking around. It won't affect you
Nurse: this year because you're still be getting stuff
Nurse: if we start. Yeah, because next year's 20 s So you don't worry about this next year, all right? It's that you're after. So when you make those decisions in December, have to keep in mind that right? The pipelines drying up.
Nurse: Okay, So, metformin. Any problems with that? No.
Nurse: And the Victoza? Any problems with that? No.
Nurse: And you're on the rosuvastatin
Nurse: cholesterol amlodipine for the blood pressure. My cynical 100 fortifies that for the blood pressure, terrorism goes in
Nurse: baby aspirin. Coenzyme Q. 10 Help. Anything else? No.
Nurse: What kind of blood sugars are you seeing? Normally I'm not testing.
Nurse: Well, they got to be good if you run around six
Nurse: and you haven't felt low or anything? No, no.
Nurse: Any illnesses, hospitalizations, Anything
Nurse: past three months.
Nurse: Exercise
Nurse: not very much in the last couple few weeks since it got cold. But, uh, we probably that prior to that golfing a couple times a week
Nurse: and walking
Nurse: can't will be going to the
Nurse: way I'm seeing again
Nurse: pretty quick. It's a tough time of year where you've lost that time after supper may help to do some of the art or move about. Right now. It's like it's dark. We get a couple of grand kids staying with us temporarily for, uh, for now, do that. Doesn't
Nurse: we'll offer? That should keep you busy, though. Well, yeah, in the host
Nurse: of the diet.
Nurse: Um, pretty much the same.
Nurse: If they have noticed the portions
Nurse: aren't Dernis biggest. He used to be used to be up.
Nurse: That's a good thing. And a lot of things. A lot of things don't appeal to me that you still feel that way.
Nurse: Fortunately,
Nurse: I haven't lost my taste for forbidden fruit.
Nurse: Let's see what your weight did. All right?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Once I get out of
Nurse: no excuse,
Nurse: yeah,
Nurse: get somebody doing their fifth annual, which is a glucose Thomas. It's down the hall. So I got my typer said that. Oh, I have to run out of here. But I'll send Shannon down.
Nurse: It's on board
Nurse: a cardiovascular form here.
Nurse: You never had heart attack? No. Never had a stroke? Nope. Never had heart failure. No. Ever had a vascular procedure like a bypass stent diagram.
Nurse: No amputations? No.
Nurse: About my dad. Remember? What day? This cause it's
Nurse: to 62
Nurse: looks.
Nurse: It's
Nurse: okay. So no changes to blood pressure or cholesterol status.
Nurse: Like we just went over all the heart stuff. So that's a duplicate question here. And you're only using the medications for diabetes that you get from us. That's correct.
Nurse: Cancer treatment for cancer? No, no kidney disease.
Nurse: I'm fine.
Nurse: Emergency room visits, No
Nurse: automobile accident? Nope.
Nurse: Amputations know. And the eye problems bleeds Anything. Go know the ice? No.
Nurse: And depression treatment for depression. No, I didn't have a twins exit so fast.
Nurse: How could you have a season like that.
Nurse: Right?
Nurse: Picture for the Astros. It's gonna be free agents sales, so I don't watch any that pretty good. Yeah, but he's going to command something that's like the entire payroll of a team pull up shirt. 150 million.
Nurse: Well, it's kind of like being sad with ours. Contract. He's nice guy, that layer. But you couldn't do anything around him because you couldn't afford it, but
Nurse: no.
Nurse: Okay, so in the last three months, no acute, life threatening event, no hospitalization, no significant incapacity. E er visits prior events, overdoses, severe low blood sugars,
Nurse: ketoacidosis, lactic acidosis, pancreatitis, every cancer in your pregnancies.
Nurse: Grandkids probably feel like it.
Nurse: How old are they? Um, 17 and 13 year old? Well,
Nurse: yeah, exactly.
Nurse: And, yes, you're taking metformin 2000 day
Nurse: days where you forgot it. Know coming back? No.
Nurse: Try to relieve home. Forget it. You know, take it all yesterday. Help when you feel like your symptoms are controlled, you stop taking it. You know you feel hassled about taking it. No.
Nurse: Last two weeks in a miss doses, no
Nurse: same answers for the Victoza.
Nurse: Don't forsee. It's making any changes to your
Nurse: old
Nurse: shaky sweaty lightheadedness? No,
Nurse: no.
Nurse: Anything. We had a funny feeling that improved with taking food.
Nurse: Yeah, occasionally, but yeah. What time? A day?
Nurse: Well, usually in the evening.
Nurse: Like before. Supper after supper.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Sometimes after
Nurse: it could be due to low blood sugar, because that's probably your highest time of the day. Right.
Nurse: Okay. 246 to 10 Victoza pens. I get to three bottles and metformin.
Nurse: Purple needles?
Nurse: Um, yes. Wipes.
Nurse: Um, good.
Nurse: I think that should be good with, like,
Nurse: but
Nurse: thrown in there.
Nurse: No. Well,
Nurse: she's using the monitor. Pen's not to
Nurse: take Ozempic. Only once a week.
Nurse: And that sort of Atlantis, you
Nurse: know, large aid
Nurse: times. You had to crawl a healthcare provider for any issue. We're concerned. No email. Anybody for an issue? We're concerned. I'll see anybody know.
Nurse: Okay. So you got a statin?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Calcium channel blocker.
Nurse: Ace on a diuretic.
Nurse: No weight loss. Med
Nurse: aspirin? Yes.
Nurse: No. Or four more treatments.
Nurse: No atypical anti psychotics yet. No
Nurse: B 12 supplement on its own is no, no
Nurse: past treatments. Any prednisone quarters own child Belton. Steroid injections.
Nurse: 1000.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: I'm going to go Shannon and start working on a feeling your load here.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Cold out
Patient: there for you?
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: I hope it's better. Good.
Nurse: Go straight.
Patient: Summer. Winter.
Patient: Oh,
Patient: I really want to keep worrying. My fault
Patient: winter yet?
Patient: Uh huh.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: I think it's been working. Better
Patient: doing Took treating tonight.
Patient: Oh, yeah, I I know I don't have any little ones either.
Patient: I'd like to go.
Patient: Is kind of worried to go by
Patient: ago.
Patient: You know, Just kind of candy.
Patient: Oh, older folks. Okay.
Patient: Here.
Patient: Right.
Patient: You Next time you come in, I'll need some year.
Patient: So what happened here?
Patient: Looks like
Nurse: that bad.
Nurse: She just finished.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: I set my bag. Oh, I didn't bring it. New calendar for the end of the year. Be first time ever. I
Nurse: think when you were getting in June.
Nurse: So
Nurse: wrist
Nurse: friend got right towards the end of the study.
Nurse: Yeah, they had a dietician at the last meeting You.
Nurse: She was talking about
Nurse: portion control is probably
Nurse: thing. Yeah,
Nurse: that feeling in your plate with more
Nurse: fruits, vegetables. Sure. Right. Stuff to get your full.
Nurse: It doesn't seem to take a much to get me full anymore.
Nurse: Exercise is good for the heart.
Nurse: All that stuff doesn't burn like hours.
Nurse: I do the treadmill and I look after about 40 minutes, I'm up to you About
Nurse: 240 calories. Yeah, go upstairs. Have a muffin. And it's
Nurse: but it's good for your drinks
Nurse: in your healthy living routine. But basically,
Nurse: do you
Nurse: Eating less calories and what your body needs. You lose weight
Nurse: right more. You start
Nurse: and exercise it.
Nurse: It helps the muscle that
Nurse: the important muscle. Well, yeah, exercising after a meal
Nurse: is really good because
Nurse: your muscles there hollering for glucose to fire them up
Nurse: and so can helps block the spiking your blood sugars after.
Nurse: So it does help.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: coming for
Nurse: I
Nurse: have it all nice. Take it all. Put his dumb legal
Nurse: years. Got room in your refrigerator for all this.
Nurse: Okay, We have Victoza metformin swabs, Neil's
Nurse: calendar,
Nurse: whatever.
Nurse: It's called him. Groucho Marx.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: A young version of
Nurse: Yeah, You
Nurse: go to these meetings and you see so much of the brain power spread out the audience always endos from all over the country. They're older.
Nurse: They sure got a lot of knowledge, but you're kind of seeing changing of the guard. Oh, I, uh
Nurse: Let's get involved in studies with these guys.
Nurse: They're looking pretty gray, and they're kind of limping around. Sir,
Nurse: I'm looking at these young guys. Used to be in the old days with that doctors with meat
Nurse: and study coordinators meet all the same time or bruit was kind of dressed up.
Nurse: You seeing more people in jeans? Shirts up.
Nurse: It's kind of a different,
Nurse: different style. More cash.
Nurse: Okay, Absolutely. Got a sign that
Nurse: that
Nurse: date for your next appointment with
Nurse: there's that
Nurse: won't anywhere for get out of this wonderful weather. You know, not in January. It'll I think we years ago in February
Nurse: was part of the spring break thing. I think
Nurse: we're going the other grandchildren.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: So, January, actually, any time.
Nurse: Okay. And day of the week. That's, like, better.
Nurse: Yeah. Not really.
Nurse: Let's see.
Nurse: Workspace
Nurse: calendar.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: 106.
Nurse: Open at nine.
Nurse: Tuesday in the seventh ISS
Nurse: open. A 10 10 would work nicer.
Nurse: Nice. That
Nurse: looking. No, that's right.
Nurse: So this is a Tuesday,
Nurse: very
Nurse: 2020
Nurse: 2 a.m.
Nurse: Don't best just have to pee.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Before I
Nurse: be sitting for a while. And if you can't make anymore.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Here
Nurse: where she is,
Nurse: everybody
Nurse: with should be able just
Nurse: with
Nurse: that
Nurse: radiant. All right,
Nurse: But you're supposed to say
Patient: there.
Patient: So this is what? How many months? 27 months for you. And my guess is you're doing super. Also
Patient: complaining about it all.
Patient: You're still golfing?
Nurse: No, it's kind of over for the year.
Nurse: Although there's, Ah,
Nurse: indoor gulf that they're opening up right close to my house so
Nurse: I might go join their got a league.
Nurse: This's just a similar. It's like in a room like this with a screen on it on a projector, and you just hit the ball into the screen
Nurse: on different courses
Nurse: I've seen knows. I just don't know how the way we used to do that up in I same.
Nurse: We do it every week. It's, uh,
Nurse: it takes a little. It's a lot different than going outside, but you swing the same. Yeah,
Patient: so you're doing just It's hard.
Nurse: No. Yeah, you know, there were something analyzes. Yep, there's there's, like curtains that
Nurse: to. So as the ball passes through, it
Nurse: detects the spin of the ball and how fast it's going like
Nurse: and then when it hits the screen. That shows
Nurse: which with the bowl interesting. Sure, of course on the screen. Right.
Patient: You need that around here in the right. That's right.
Patient: All right, So you're still on the metformin Victoza and really not having side effects or concerns or anything like that. Good.
Patient: And, um
Patient: uh,
Patient: weight's about stable. Last a one C was 6.3,
Nurse: which is really
Patient: good. Obviously, your weight is down from the first started.
Patient: Maintained it
Patient: really nice. How any swelling in your ankles
Patient: it's
Patient: and your breathing exercise that is normal. You know, you're not noticing any shortness of breath,
Patient: any chest discomfort,
Patient: any abdominal pain,
Nurse: no indigestion every once more
Nurse: in the middle of night.
Patient: Yeah. Is that just if you've eaten later,
Nurse: I think it's, um if I've eaten
Nurse: a larger meal, then I'm used to
Patient: you.
Patient: Yeah, well, and sometimes Victoza can worsen that a little bit, so but it sounds like it's not on a regular basis or anything. Yeah,
Patient: um, looks like your blood pressure is doing well. And so I guess we'll check your emergency and let you know what that is. Um, have you had an eye exam in the last year?
Nurse: Yes, and I'm due to go again.
Patient: Annual tune up. Make sure you don't. You've never had any diabetes changes in your eyes. Have no
Patient: keep up the good work or see after the holidays. Now, this time of year obviously gets harder. There's always a lot of snacking that out there. Try and, uh, you know, get in some good nutritious,
Patient: that good
Patient: and whatever you can just try to stay active through the window is really important.
Patient: All right, nice to see you. Thanks for being part of us. We're learning a lot from you. So
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: there's that
Nurse: she's done with you.
Nurse: And that ends Participants
Nurse: 2800 to 6 to 14 27 months. Visit
Nurse: in October 31st, 2019. Local time is 10:46 a.m. And my study coordinator
Nurse: I'm here with participant to 800 to 7 to Today is Halloween. October 31st, 2019.
Nurse: Uh, he's here for 27 month visit and the local time is 7:38 a.m.
Nurse: I mean, like the study coordinator,
Nurse: but
Nurse: 1 15/80 to 1. 21/83.
Nurse: So those are excellent. Not bad. After two large cups of coffee, you get the mold in the morning. The depressing news from you,
Nurse: Your your national fanar. Castro's fan. You know, I didn't watch
Nurse: it
Nurse: last night
Nurse: and it's really based. My wife's on a base.
Nurse: I didn't see any of this at all.
Nurse: I mean, I just
Nurse: You either had lost interest because, no, it's football season in basketball and hockey. Yeah,
Nurse: And the golfers? Yeah. Now the golfers, I've been falling quite a bit. I actually went out the Rutgers in New York City. Really? I took my son out there.
Nurse: We had a great time. I took an extra couple days and spend some time in New York. I've never been in New York and he hasn't either.
Nurse: The wife and my daughter have. So
Nurse: they stayed home.
Nurse: The two of us in a couple of their friends joined us
Nurse: boys. And yeah, so all the sites that we wanted to see
Nurse: you know, 9 11 is excellent, and it's I'm sure you've been there, but, you know, I haven't I haven't been to New York and decades. Yeah, that's when you get there. You
Nurse: know,
Nurse: I spent two hours in there and I could easily spent another hour. Easy.
Nurse: It just
Nurse: just so much to see and taking it. We go to DC, and so you know her very close. All the Smithsonian and exhibits And I went to the Holocaust. That's humbling.
Nurse: Yeah. Really got you thinking as to her how that could happened. We did that a couple years ago. We went to Maryland,
Nurse: but, uh, yeah, and, uh, golfers played well,
Nurse: uh,
Nurse: fans Air. Great.
Nurse: Now a lot of, um, but treated us well, I know it's, you know, you hear a lot of these college scores and college names, and
Nurse: I don't even know where half, um, are Yeah, you know, it's like,
Nurse: Okay. Baylor's where and week. Oh,
Nurse: yeah. It's like I wake up in the middle of nowhere. I don't know how they get people to go to school there.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: we went there probably in the eighties.
Nurse: And it was We were out there close to there for a study meeting,
Nurse: and a friend of ours had a friend who is an FBI agent. New York. So he took us around, so I felt very safe with him.
Nurse: And, you know, some of the people that you see in the subways are
Nurse: Grand Central Station is Lee. Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Now, we, uh we walk Central Park from
Nurse: lower mid town, right around Times Square,
Nurse: Old way up to hurt him.
Nurse: Which way had,
Nurse: you know, step counters?
Nurse: We was estimated about 10 mile walk way. Want only kind and a half hours
Nurse: on Sunday and, uh, finally found a cantina and Harlem
Nurse: or stop looking
Nurse: taxi back or I'll give you subway. Okay, we said we unlock it back.
Nurse: It was in the rain to Oh,
Nurse: it was a hard core. Yeah, but we wanted to see Central Park, and it's it's beautiful
Nurse: if the rain didn't start till about halfway through a trip
Nurse: at halfway through a walk. So I didn't have anybody it costing. You are asking for money you know, none of that in in. You know, we always been
Nurse: told that New Yorkers air rude. Nasty.
Nurse: I didn't see any of that. In fact, they were
Nurse: far from that. I did. When I was out there at intersections, you'd have a walk like these guys were going to look in their organs at you now. I mean, the honking, the honking and cabs and stuff was just at other cabs, but for pedestrians. And you bump into some because people were in umbrellas and he'd say, Excuse me and a while. Yeah. I mean, all that stuff. Like what?
Nurse: What's up? The best. You know, any. When I was out there, they still had the yellow sodium light. So everything looked dark and dingy, and I know it's bright. Yeah. So it's changed for the better, I guess. I think 9 11 don't like that.
Nurse: Yeah, that's another thing. See it on TV, But you can't imagine what it was like to be there.
Nurse: Let's go get your weight. Okay.
Nurse: Intensive. A killing her. What happened?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: You know,
Nurse: £1 is, uh, 2.2 kg.
Nurse: You take a dump? Probably at your weight. Yeah.
Nurse: It was a lot of.
Nurse: So when we go out there for way full in a late Friday night like 1 30 in the morning
Nurse: and went to the game on Saturday
Nurse: game is in New Jersey.
Nurse: So we spent all day Sunday and all the money in New York and then flew out real early morning on Tuesday. So
Nurse: three full days.
Nurse: Yeah, no sleep and no sleep is right.
Nurse: Okay. So, metformin, you're still doing twice a day? Just movie is 100 mg from today.
Nurse: 37 minutes. Atlantis. That's right.
Nurse: My sugars this morning were 92
Nurse: and they've been consistently mid eighties to mid nineties for mornings. Yeah.
Nurse: Any symptoms of too low? No.
Nurse: Any fogginess with memory or anything?
Nurse: No. I mean that my memory is is not what it used to be.
Nurse: It takes me a while.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: and I used I used to pride myself in having a real good memory, and it's not as good as it used to be.
Nurse: So But I own
Nurse: not concerned about it. I think it's just age
Nurse: I
Nurse: can't tell you many times. A walk to some place in the house
Nurse: and stop and go.
Nurse: Yeah, It's not like that. It's mine is more with names.
Nurse: I've never
Nurse: Yeah, like I could be working with you forever.
Nurse: We don't see you for a month.
Nurse: I can't remember your name right away.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Have that same problem. It's like
Nurse: I may see you out on the street
Nurse: and I go,
Nurse: He looks from your Yeah.
Nurse: Where's he from? Yeah.
Nurse: Okay. So good. Blood sugar control. You check any other times of the day? I do write it as I get home from work, which is a really 5. 30. Yeah, and that's, uh, I've seen in a slow is 72 gauge is too low for me. I can tell, and I'm not writing.
Nurse: Um, but I'm not shaky or sweaty, but I could just tell I don't feel right.
Nurse: But usually the the, uh,
Nurse: at home
Nurse: our mid eighties nineties. Okay. The seventies and nineties.
Nurse: And any symptoms of hypoglycemia
Nurse: in the week? No.
Nurse: No.
Nurse: But you still carry, Like when you were on your, uh,
Nurse: three hour hike through Central Park. You have something with you? Yes. Okay. I had a candy bar actually help the nut roll.
Nurse: So
Nurse: and I was chewing on that
Nurse: any illnesses, hospitalizations or procedures
Nurse: and exercise? Walking? Yes. Doing a lot of walking. Um,
Nurse: Both were on campus and at home and a lot of yard work.
Nurse: No formal structural exercise program, like at the gym or anything like that is gonna You cannot get there.
Nurse: Well, when winter comes and you're done with the outside stuff, it's probably a good time.
Nurse: Makes them stop there. I want to get the Lantis unit numbers down cycles.
Nurse: Now, with your news,
Nurse: maybe I can stretch it instead of having one pen every seven days. Maybe it goes every 10 days.
Nurse: Usually that happens with great loss. Yeah,
Nurse: unless you weigh the less insulin resistant you're in, the less medication you need,
Nurse: it's possible. It's tough.
Nurse: People tell me they looks like I've lost weight.
Nurse: But as you can tell, I haven't. But yeah, whatever. You lost Fat muscle. Yeah,
Nurse: weight on the scales. Not always the full story,
Nurse: but, uh,
Nurse: diet wise.
Nurse: You know, there's several things you can try, but you know the basics there, half your plate is veggies.
Nurse: And then the quarter of your plate is your meat recorder Played is your complex carbohydrate, and if you can
Nurse: substitute in more veggies. Sometimes you're more full and you don't have t toe.
Nurse: It's stuff that may raise your blood sugar.
Nurse: But we're going into that time of the year where it gets tough because you got
Nurse: going
Nurse: Thanksgiving that Christmas years. You have the the Christmas baking season where we have all kinds of crap in the house
Nurse: and it just,
Nurse: you know, it's It's just, uh,
Nurse: it's a discipline. It's just like I can't eat that crap.
Nurse: Yeah, well, for me, it's like if I'm
Nurse: eating healthy for a while, I've lost the craving for it. But if somebody brings something, you're you're getting unexpected treat
Nurse: then that I'm fighting that craving again because now I get that taste in my mouth and in my mind, and then I'm more apt to Okay, I'll get back on the wagon tomorrow, I'll get back on the wagon. Tomorrow
Nurse: is all of a sudden. That was four weeks ago on the scales. Going like this, well,
Nurse: that two things come to mind is
Nurse: we're just We're just talking about this with my wife. Last night used to be on Thursdays,
Nurse: Fridays. I think it's Fridays.
Nurse: Papa Murphy's would have the pizza sale.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: so we would
Nurse: historically pick up pizza from
Nurse: that. Doesn't even sound good. No,
Nurse: we haven't had that for a pot. Well, over six weeks.
Nurse: Wow. Yeah.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: Chinese doesn't sound good anymore.
Nurse: Those were both two
Nurse: meals that really not having with your blood sugars. Right? So those two things
Nurse: pasta. On the other hand, my wife makes a dynamite chicken noodle soup with all kinds of noodles noodles in there.
Nurse: In fact, we've had that this week, so,
Nurse: um, that's not good for me either. But but if you limit yourself,
Nurse: Yeah, I used to have, like, three bowls of that stuff. Now it's just a bowl. Yeah, but it's, you know, portion control is really
Nurse: key to weight loss. If you could just cut back or push yourself away from the table while you're still feeling like you want another serving, wait 15 minutes, and usually that
Nurse: eases off. Yeah,
Nurse: and it's just the discipline that you can push yourself away. Well, you're still feeling a little hungry and let your stomach catch up to your brain. Think we're good? Yeah,
Nurse: the thing. It's a bad habit, and it's it's something that I've told myself. Okay, today is Halloween, so I'll go the whole try to go the whole day without a cane. A mark,
Nurse: but it's Ah,
Nurse: at night,
Nurse: there's ice cream bars available that I find myself having one night,
Nurse: and it's used Iranian o'clock at night.
Nurse: I don't test any because I know it's gonna be high,
Nurse: but you should test to see what it does. The
Nurse: ice cream night versus nine ice cream night and or substitute yogurt and Berries. Um, knives is taken.
Nurse: Better substitute for get that craving sugar would be some grapes. Yeah, I love grapes and I love apples
Nurse: and just programmed myself to eat that stuff at night
Nurse: Or start, you know, alternating ice cream, burn fruit, ice cream, bar food. And then they eventually cut back a little bit more.
Nurse: They're all good strategies, and it's good that you know
Nurse: where your weaknesses are. Yep, and that you don't make a small change, something that you can live with. Anybody can lose weight on any diet because you're eating less.
Nurse: It's the maintenance phase. After you get done, you know your weight loss you wanted and not falling back into the same old habits that got you where you work.
Nurse: It's just, you know, kind of like a changing eating style. Don't take it with diet, but
Nurse: you know you can basically, what you want just have small portions of it
Nurse: just to get you a taste of whatever you want. Sure,
Nurse: that all works
Nurse: and you haven't been sick. And no, nothing. That's good. You got your flu shot? Not yet.
Nurse: I had gotten a flu shot back in February, so it was last year's. But it's gonna get you ready for this year's bugs and being on campus. There's a lot of bugs.
Nurse: Lot of people have been sick at work. Yeah, it seems like colds and stuff, but
Nurse: so we got a new form here. Just want we want to get on one form your heart history. So have you ever had a heart attack? No. Never had a stroke. You ever been told you have heart failure? No. Ever been bypass surgery? Stents, grafts, angioplasty, amputations? No.
Nurse: So now we'll ask you the same questions on this part.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: A little bit of duplication here.
Nurse: Okay. So other men's Lipitor. You're not taking that? Because,
Nurse: um I stopped taking that well over years, maybe almost two years ago. You're doing something to you.
Nurse: I I found myself being foggy
Nurse: is your LDL was 1 24 when we did your 24 month visit.
Nurse: A little above target, but no
Nurse: horrible.
Nurse: Keep fine,
Nurse: yes, so that this must have been when you were on,
Nurse: he told her said, in your LDL 70
Nurse: and using people diabetes, they want it less than 100 because the LDL is the bad cholesterol.
Nurse: And the nice thing about statins,
Nurse: if you
Nurse: side effects, is they get a pretty good track with helping to prevent first heart attacks
Nurse: because you got diabetes, you're more at risk for heart disease. So
Nurse: and there's other statins out there, too.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: that could be possible. Just just give you a little bit of the protective effect of the statin,
Nurse: hopefully without causing any the brain, fog or stuff or smaller dose. But that's something to talk
Nurse: with your primary about
Nurse: and still doing Baby aspirin? Nope.
Nurse: That aspirin B 12. Yes, 1000 e f Sure. Morning maybe.
Nurse: And d three,
Nurse: not D three know I will start that probably
Nurse: soon.
Nurse: Been outside today, The days get longer
Nurse: any weeks. But you're gonna be outside with your skin exposed, though, about cinnamon. Yes.
Nurse: In Metamucil? Yes. And what else?
Nurse: No.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: so
Nurse: blood pressure, medicine free.
Nurse: I don't think I need that.
Nurse: Know. Got excellent blood pressure.
Nurse: No heart attacks, no strokes, no heart failure, no medicines for heart failure. No basket procedures. And you're only using stuff for mustard diabetes meds
Nurse: in any cancer treatment for cancer
Nurse: and nothing going on with your kidneys
Nurse: and transplant. Still pancreatitis, emergency room visits, no
Nurse: motor vehicle accidents,
Nurse: amputations. Any problems with the eyes? No.
Nurse: And any depression treatment for depression?
Nurse: In the last three months, have you had any acute life threatening event? No hospitalization? Significant incapacity?
Nurse: No. Er visits no hard, even snow overdoses know severe lows. No
Nurse: and no ketoacidosis. Lactic acidosis, paper titers, thyroid cancer and no pregnancies.
Nurse: Excellent. Blood pressure on 21/83.
Nurse: 1 15/82.
Nurse: Weight stable.
Nurse: If you had to pick a weight, what would be your target? Goal Weight. 1 20
Nurse: 2. 20. You say 1 26 to 20
Nurse: and on the metformin. Any days that you forgot the metformin. Last three months. Yeah, um,
Nurse: forgot it, Teo. Twice on the trip.
Nurse: Um, and just this week on Monday, I forgot,
Nurse: uh, night dose.
Nurse: And you haven't You didn't need to cut back or stop taking it because you felt worse with your ears, the late effects.
Nurse: And you didn't remember to take it to New York.
Nurse: So you didn't forget to bring it. And it took my Atlantis in New York
Nurse: and you took it all yesterday. You don't stop it when your blood sugars are good. No.
Nurse: And you feel happy about taking with him
Nurse: becomes a routine for me. I says, I get up in the morning. They take it,
Nurse: I have to walk right by it.
Nurse: It's right on the counter, so I literally have to walk by it before
Nurse: going downstairs. Take a shower. So it's It's there. It's routine.
Nurse: It's at night. I want buy just before dinner
Nurse: and I see it. I take it,
Nurse: but to have Ah,
Nurse: if I didn't see it
Nurse: routine gets goofed up like I'm going out to dinner, maybe a basketball game at night, and I'm not at home.
Nurse: Then I have a supply in my jacket.
Nurse: That's good, but
Nurse: it sounds good,
Nurse: but remember, it's in there. Yeah.
Nurse: So, the last two weeks, just one Ms does? Yes.
Nurse: And that was also in the last week. One mistress.
Nurse: Any Ms Lantus?
Nurse: Like I said, um, missed Missed a dose in New York.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: but other than that, no. Okay.
Nurse: And he took it all yesterday. I did.
Nurse: Doing never stopped it.
Nurse: And you feel hassle about shop? No.
Nurse: In the last two weeks, any missed doses?
Nurse: Just the one didn't hear.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: all right.
Nurse: For four bottles of that.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: For bottles. What? Metformin.
Nurse: Oops. Randomized Kartini. A randomized to Januvia.
Nurse: So, Mike, and in theory, drop, Let's say, down a road drafted Januvia after the study,
Nurse: prominent Atlantis dosage goes up
Nurse: spending what you're doing on your weight and your diet. Okay,
Nurse: But, you know, first see what the price is. There's also medications that the study didn't have
Nurse: that are also a possibility. Um,
Nurse: in one that they have had is the Victoza, which combines glucose control with a little bit of weight loss.
Nurse: Because
Nurse: the Victoza kind of slows down. How fast your stomach empty see, feel full faster. And there's some weight loss associated.
Nurse: There's also a class of drugs that ended like frozen,
Nurse: that are ones that your kidney has a
Nurse: like a sugar threshold of about
Nurse: 180 for blood sugar. If you get above 180 you start peeing out sugar, which is how we used to test
Nurse: Cher's in the old days before we had a bunch of your testing
Nurse: to urine dipsticks.
Nurse: What these medications in this class do is the artificial lower that kidney thresholds or your picture up that
Nurse: essentially normal blood sugars. But you're still spilling sugar out,
Nurse: so you're losing some calories that way.
Nurse: And so there's a little weight loss associated with that, uh,
Nurse: major side effect of that drug Class East infections. Okay,
Nurse: because you got a sugar environment. But it's more of a concern for the women than it is for the men. Sure,
Nurse: they have shown medications that class. I have a protective effect on the heart.
Nurse: Problem is, they're super expensive,
Nurse: Um, but it's also something to check into in terms of insurance coverage. Also,
Nurse: you've got
Nurse: a number of different possibilities that all depends on
Nurse: cost
Nurse: and also your particular situation that
Nurse: no medications in this group might have these benefits for you. Whereas these
Nurse: but overall Lantis insulin. You know, there's no maximum dose. You take what you need, And then basically, the only side effect is hypoglycemia. So Lantus is very good.
Nurse: And for the
Nurse: most of the people,
Nurse: it's excellent.
Nurse: Okay. What's Ah, Do you have any idea Medicare coverage on Lantus?
Nurse: I don't know for sure, but I'm sure it's got to be covered by
Nurse: your Medicare. You can shop around for plants to you take it on a list of what your meds are
Nurse: to some plan
Nurse: administrator, expert.
Nurse: And then he confined you
Nurse: coverage of those meds, cause you know, there's that's your drug coverage, part of the Medicare. So
Nurse: you got to shop around and that's plenty right
Nurse: year? I don't know. I have looked into a chip. Yeah, I'm still employed. Yeah,
Nurse: but then that can change. Your You might have a great plan from this one company. One year
Nurse: next year they change what they cover. So you have to go shopping again to see which one's going to hit you bastard. Cover most of your meds at a reasonable cost.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: But you're not on a lot. Medications a lot of people. We see this whole columnist full of shit between cholesterol, blood pressure, three or four different meds.
Nurse: So, yeah, I think I told you the story to two years ago, three years ago.
Nurse: In fact, I think it was just before we started the study. In fact,
Nurse: the doctor was surprised
Nurse: he's that I was
Nurse: pleasantly surprised you got into this study,
Nurse: he said, but, uh, that same visit, he said, I'd like to put you on a blood pressure medicine, and he says Why? I said, My
Nurse: my supposed to lower your
Nurse: It will help lower your blood sugars. And I said,
Nurse: I don't think so. Let's see how this study goes. The
Nurse: what he may have been talking about there, too. Classes of blood pressure meds
Nurse: that some docks are very proactive,
Nurse: and they will prescribe them because they have a protective effect on the kidneys.
Nurse: I just said your blood pressure.
Nurse: You know all. How is my kidney function
Nurse: based on the way we look at how much protein you spell in your urine? Because that's using the first sign that the diabetes suspecting kidneys, think of the kidneys, a coffee filter
Nurse: and the protein are the coffee grounds, and normally the protein particles don't leak out in great
Nurse: numbers through the kidney. And when the kidney starts throwing a little bit of damage with due to high blood pressure, diabetes
Nurse: sudden will pick up more of these very teeny tiny particles approaching. Sneaking through
Nurse: average is less than 30. You're three.
Nurse: That's good. I mean, everybody will have three year for 10 or 15 or 20.
Nurse: Normal is less than 30
Nurse: and you have 2.61
Nurse: 2.4.
Nurse: You got a teen teenage kidneys,
Nurse: so that's
Nurse: looking for damaging the kidneys. The other thing we look at is your serum creatinine, which is a measure of how well your kidneys are filtering out
Nurse: creatinine, which is a waste product of muscle metabolism.
Nurse: And you you've been normal all the time in that respect. And then the other thing is there estimated glomerular filtration rate, which is
Nurse: fancy term for how fast your kidneys are filtering and you're
Nurse: find there, too. So all your kidney tests are excellent,
Nurse: but yeah, there are some docks that
Nurse: for somebody that's got borderline one thirties may say no good.
Nurse: This is good for your blood pressure. And it's good for your kidneys
Nurse: because this is actually protective effect of the kidney. So
Nurse: you're good
Nurse: in the last few months, have you had to call a healthcare provider for any issue? Were concerned? No email. Anybody know? See anybody in person? No,
Nurse: it's too. And you've had, uh, your exam. Your
Nurse: Yeah, that had that in February.
Nurse: Here.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Nothing for
Nurse: pressure. Nothing for cholesterol, No weight loss medicines. You're not on aspirin.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: The hormonal treatment.
Nurse: Not on any atypical anti psychotics yet. Know that yet?
Nurse: B 12 supplement? Yes,
Nurse: past three months. Have you had to have any cortisone shots? Pregnancy, All numbers?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Get drug, boy.
Patient: Oh, right.
Patient: There you go yourself. Like around. He was just here.
Patient: Uh, what is it?
Patient: Nice to see you
Patient: been real good yourself. Good God. You having a good fall so far? Yeah. Good. So this is what? They're 27. 30 months? Seven months for you. Okay.
Patient: Wow. You've been feeling good. Any concerns at all today?
Nurse: Not at all.
Patient: Okay, sounds good. Seems like you were last year, and I think you're doing pretty well.
Patient: Um,
Patient: remember where? Yeah, your last a one C was 6.8.
Patient: I had mentioned your, um,
Patient: cholesterol was a little bit high the last time. Did you have a chance to talk to your doctor about that, or No,
Nurse: I have not.
Patient: Okay. Yeah, because I think you had been on a cholesterol medicine, but then you had some side effects, right? Yeah. Fogginess. Yeah. Interesting
Nurse: short term memory.
Nurse: Uh, and so I
Nurse: basically it told my doctor last visit, I had stopped taking
Patient: it.
Nurse: Last visit was in November of last year. Yeah, So I'm due for another physical.
Patient: Do you feel like it's helped? Yes. Yeah. So your fogginess is gone, you know? Interesting. Uh huh. Go ahead. Which are? Yeah,
Nurse: Well, this one.
Patient: I'm gonna take a look at your
Patient: your data here. Any problems with the little blood sugars and I'll fall in your hands
Patient: for my hair
Patient: leaves, leaves
Patient: way week. And we're jumping in the way.
Patient: I don't know. My kids bring on some things.
Patient: 37 units of Atlantis
Patient: and the Januvia and the metformin. Any side effects is, you know. Okay. And you said no low blood sugars
Nurse: know
Nurse: most blood sugar have seen is I tell him. I think it was 73 years.
Patient: So not bad. No. Yeah.
Nurse: And that was right afterward. 5. 30 in the afternoon.
Patient: And what are you doing for physical? Excellent. He's
Nurse: doing a lot of walking,
Nurse: but nothing Structural, as far as exercise like walking is great. Yeah. At the campus. I want a lot.
Patient: Yeah. So you're all over the place.
Patient: Good. Um, So, yes. So your a one c was down last time, cause it had been, you know, 7.67 point o other than 6.8. So, really,
Nurse: my numbers have been averaging in the mornings,
Nurse: right around 94 to 96. Okay, Nice. Yeah. And so when I get into the eighties for three or four days in a row,
Nurse: I'll drop it back.
Nurse: But then I'll have a tough weekend of lots of beer or something.
Nurse: These things happen.
Patient: Life happens until you raise it up again. And so what's the lowest? What's the highest dose you would go for
Nurse: so far? Since the last time we visited the lowest dose, I think was 35.
Patient: Okay, so in the highest
Nurse: has been higher and 37
Patient: 80. Yeah. Any swelling of the ankles.
Patient: Okay. Any problems with your feet? Numbness? Tingling?
Nurse: No, I do have a blister on my right. My left toe.
Patient: Okay. Do you want me to take a look at it? Yeah, let's just see.
Patient: How long have you noticed it?
Nurse: Um, I was in New York. Couple
Nurse: go
Patient: there. Yeah. Was it for pleasure work?
Nurse: I assume it's a booster.
Patient: That's a blister. And it actually
Patient: pretty well,
Patient: Rest your foot. Looks good. Doesn't hurt. No.
Patient: Did it ever use anything?
Patient: Let's just
Patient: keep an eye on it. Yeah, It doesn't look like anything concerning, like, infection there, anything like that.
Patient: But a lot of walking relaying different shoes. Know these
Patient: away?
Patient: Yeah. Just watch it. If you notice any, like, readiness or
Patient: any, if it opens up or anything like that,
Patient: talk to your doctor about it. But it looks like on this way,
Patient: So that's good. So and no burning sensation in your feet? No.
Patient: Good.
Patient: And when was your last eye exam?
Nurse: In February. So that's
Patient: okay. So you're due for that in February?
Patient: Nice.
Patient: And weight's about stable, and obviously you're down from when you first started the study. So you're kind of doing all the things you're supposed to be doing. You know, you're active. You're maintaining your weight. Your blood pressure's good control. Your diabetes is under good control. Um, you know,
Patient: diet wise. Where What do you What do you doing these days? What's kind of are you typically eating breakfast in the morning?
Nurse: I always
Nurse: have cereal.
Nurse: I need the whole green,
Nurse: uh, cereals. Okay, which is I love this stuff. I don't put any sugar. Really? Swing around it.
Nurse: However,
Nurse: that would be an occasional sweet roll that gets in there. Yeah,
Nurse: um,
Nurse: I always eat lunch.
Nurse: Um, gotten into a habit of eating carrots,
Nurse: pee pods
Nurse: and grapes for lunch. Great.
Nurse: Oh, nice lunch. Yeah.
Nurse: Not a lot of protein in there, but
Patient: it's okay.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: And then at night, um,
Patient: I mean, you can throw in a few nuts or something, You know, something simple, but not a lot, because they're high in calories, but they're really nutritious
Nurse: at night. It's It's just telling, like, you know, we used to have this thing were on Fridays, we would go on, get a pop on Murphy's.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Nurse: That doesn't even song.
Patient: Really? Okay, so you can quit for,
Nurse: like, two months since we've had that
Nurse: Chinese. Doesn't sound good.
Patient: Yeah. Interesting. And those are the two. The tent Spike. Your sugar is almost Yeah. So I kind
Nurse: of stayed away from that
Patient: stuff. So you doing more? You What? What do you eat them for? Dinner?
Nurse: Um, a lot of brown rice. Ah, lot of chicken.
Nurse: Um, occasional hamburger.
Nurse: Um, soup this week. Chicken noodle soup, which is a lot of
Nurse: pasta,
Patient: which is also a lot of broth and vegetables like that.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: that's pretty much it.
Patient: Yeah. Do you put in any vegetables in your dinner? Is that more Just at lunch?
Nurse: Just that much? Just e mean other than, um,
Nurse: occasionally some corn or some peas, but nothing.
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: So, you know, it sounds like you're getting at least three servings of fruits and vegetables a day.
Nurse: Yes. I don't skip meals. Um, I go crazy when I miss a meal.
Patient: You get really hungry?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: For example. Let's say I eat it 5. 30 in the morning. So by 11. 30
Patient: Yeah, I'm
Patient: ready for Well, that's interesting. You say that I wonder if you have you ever tested your blood sugar that?
Nurse: No, Because that's too much of a house. Yeah, but it could.
Patient: But maybe just a couple times, because, you know, I don't want you on too much insulin that that could be causing your hunger where you know, you're having to eat to keep your sugars out. Because,
Patient: you know, I
Patient: It may be that you're just hungry, but I would want to rule out that it is like, Oh, your sugar is starting to fall. And that's why you're really hungry at that time. So And if that is the case, then I would advocate cutting back to Lantus a little bit. Okay? No, um so maybe just check that. You know what? Bring my travel pack with
Patient: maybe for a week, check every day before inch look and then see how that goes.
Patient: What other times of the day do you notice that? Does that happen at other times that today?
Nurse: Well, it, um
Nurse: at night I want to come home. See, I start work at
Nurse: I'm on the bus by six o'clock. Morning. So I start working According to seven.
Nurse: I'm
Nurse: home by 5. 15. I test at that time. Okay, I'm very hungry at that.
Patient: Yeah, And sugar is not low it that,
Nurse: you know, it's in the eighties.
Patient: Eighty's.
Patient: Okay.
Nurse: In some seventies. Yeah, it could. It could vary from mid seventies to get eighties
Nurse: in the morning and in the afternoon
Patient: because, you know, I mean, I want you to maintain a healthy weight, but I don't want insulin to be stimulating your appetite. So my hunch is we may need to cut you back a couple units just across the board usually, Um, but let's get some data. See where that is. Certainly, if you're kind of regularly in the seventies before meals, e probably cut you back a couple of units and just see where things are. Um,
Patient: you know, and
Patient: I think your let's see, your weight is 107 so, you know Yeah,
Patient: I'd like to see you a little bit lower. And the weight, you know, just a far as having a good cardiovascular profile and things like that. Just,
Nurse: you know, the goal would be to 20.
Patient: Yeah, because your heart, you're very tall still, you know, So maybe just a little bit cutting back. So anything we can do to help this forest not making you more hungry than you need to be. That could be a good thing
Nurse: to cut to the quick. It's way too many sweets.
Patient: Yeah.
Nurse: I mean, uh, it's it's the candy bars, the ice cream. But
Nurse: it's the building. It's It's the Yeah, it's It's the stuff that I know in my head. Yeah, it should be eating.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah,
Patient: I think just But like you do, you bring good things to work. And so if you bring them, you'll eat. Um,
Nurse: and those things I like.
Patient: Yeah. Yeah. And so just making sure. And I filling up on the good things before I haven't had the other junk. You know, those are important things I would also advocate may be adding in an extra fruit, maybe at breakfast or something like that. You know, instead of just doing the Cheerios because we do know that processed foods tend to actually increase your appetite. And so trying to have more whole foods and less processed foods can really make a difference.
Patient: Um, so just having a little bit more. Um, you know, ideally, somewhere between seven and 10 fruits and vegetables a day That sounds like a lot for a lot of people, but I think the point is just raise. Raise that a little bit. You know, fruits and vegetables have a ton of fiber, lots of nutritional, you know, value. And they kind of bulk you up. So you feel fuller in it's low calorie. So trying to bump that one more? Yeah. Yeah. So I just say, like, um, increase fruits and vegetable to somewhere between five and 10 a day, Something like that. But you're in. You're in about 33 a day, so it's not much to add, but maybe add a little something at breakfast. If you had something at breakfast, maybe,
Patient: um, you won't be quite as hungry. Also at
Nurse: lunch, I used to, uh, zap a couple of these tiny pork links in the morning. Uh huh. Um,
Nurse: and they found myself and I've gotten away from that habit.
Patient: Yeah,
Nurse: but I found myself not being is hungry.
Patient: Oh, interesting. Yeah,
Nurse: with a higher fat
Nurse: keeps your
Nurse: Do you recommend that?
Patient: Well, you know, it depends what they are feeling again. Like, you know, those again are like processed meats, which we're trying to avoid so I would say, you know,
Patient: know
Patient: if it's an occasional thing, it's not a big deal, but, like on a regular basis, um, we know processed meats kind of increased cardiovascular risk and increase some cancer risks. And so, trying to have more, like regular meats, you know, just kind of, you know, a pizza piece of meat that's unprocessed is much better than a process kind of sausage, bacon, turkey, those sort of things, you know?
Nurse: So Doc would
Patient: find that start it, start it,
Patient: um, you know,
Nurse: going shooting bad
Patient: eggs,
Patient: Just like, you know, like, you buy chicken breasts. You by That is, you buy, you know, pieces of meat. I think you know, Truman a little bit of a fat off. And things like that can be helpful. But you're not gonna have that for breakfast. You're not gonna have time to go wake up and eat that right. But, um, you know, adding an exit breakfast is a great idea because it's high in protein.
Patient: It's a
Nurse: pain in the butt. Yeah,
Nurse: it's twitch time. Yeah. I mean, you get up at five. You got to be out the door by court
Patient: and six Yeah, we're even just boiling, um, the night before having boiled eggs. Do you, like, boy likes? Don't
Patient: think.
Patient: But I think what you're doing is fine. You know, nuts are always a great source of protein that's
Nurse: there. There's plenty of those at home,
Nurse: you know, We're
Patient: just a small little, you know, a couple tablespoons. And that's, you know, just put him in a little container. Having with you kind of stays off a little bit of hunger as well.
Patient: You know, he
Nurse: was also talking about substituting. Is ice cream bar
Nurse: for for graves?
Patient: Yeah, great idea. See, Then you'll bulk up your fruits and vegetable section and reduce your calories. So
Patient: there's a really nice I mean, it all depends on your goals. Not everybody wants to lose weight, But if you have that as a goal, have you seen that NIDDK and I. D. V K weight loss calculator?
Patient: I don't know if you've seen that,
Patient: so that
Patient: basically it's a very realistic calculators. See, like if I want to lose X number of pounds in this much time,
Patient: what's my caloric and take half to be? And it's really nice because it's more scientifically sound than some of the ones that you could just find online. Um,
Nurse: so it's a nap?
Patient: No, it's just you go to their website and you can just It's the National Institute of Digestive. Something in kidney disease. What's an idea? Case stand for? I should know that.
Patient: Um, so it's like through the National Institutes of Health that they have a very nice
Patient: tracker just to kind of say Okay, this is my goal. This is my current weight. This is my current level of activity. And this is where I want to be in x number of weeks, months, things like that. And so it basically will tell you if you're at this current weight, this is approximately how many calories you're consuming per day. And if you want to get to this weight, this is where we need to go. And it gives you a very
Patient: realistic expectation of how much you need to be eating calorie wise and also encourages you to do more whole whole foods kind of like really food, not processed foods
Patient: because of the it really does make a difference in in your appetite.
Nurse: You used to just figuring that Take
Nurse: Yeah. Yeah. You should lose 1 to £2 per week.
Patient: Yes.
Patient: You need more
Nurse: than 10 calories per pound. Maintain
Nurse: your weight. You'd be running a 500 calorie deficit, which is a pound a week.
Patient: Yeah,
Patient: but if you took like a week and actually looked it
Patient: accurately counted what you're actually eating calorie wise. Not that you want to do this, but if you were interested in you really said I really want to get to £220 and I'm now 235. You know, it's only £15. It sounds like a lot, but it's really not that much. What do I need to get their? You're probably gonna be trimming about 500 to 600 calories a day out of your diet. So if you think about like, oh, the ice cream bar now I'm gonna have Grave's that's gonna cut it quite a bit, you know, like little things like that.
Nurse: So that quick math would be
Nurse: £235 times 10 is a broad roughly 2300 calories. 23 50. That sample menus. Sure you would. So I get days of 2300 calorie consists of for you gives you breakfast. Lunch is and summers.
Nurse: It may not be food that you like. It'll give you an idea of
Nurse: what it's running 300 calorie and they
Nurse: but with exercise and I come in and 18 1900 count
Patient: Well, so I think the truth is exercise. You know, we exercise is not going to make you lose weight in the absence of diet change. It's just that's a wonderful thing to do. Is general health. It's great for your heart and diabetes and everything else but that in of itself, without making dietary changes and gonna make a difference in how your weight 40
Nurse: five minutes
Nurse: is one ice cream bar.
Patient: Yeah,
Patient: and he depressed me. Know I'm depressed too, because your sweet you 45 minutes and you have a muffin or something
Patient: Just killed. Yeah, but you've done good things for you,
Patient: but anyway, I think stop talking. I think you are not in a, you know, dangerous zone of be, you know, very overweight. But I'm just saying, if you want a goal of kind of losing, all right, it down. But it's an I d D K um, weight
Patient: track or weight loss calculator or something like that, but it's sort of It's pretty nice. I think you've got a very good diet. I think you're right. It's those little things that kind of the little snacks or things that aren't what we consider what we eat all the time. Those are the things that kind of add up.
Nurse: It's a craving. Know, Doc. It is'. I mean, it's like at eight o'clock, I gotta have something,
Patient: something sweet. Yeah,
Nurse: And he's thinking about this last night before this appointment.
Nurse: This is don't
Patient: Yeah, You got to enjoy yourself and a half those things every once in a while, but maybe just not on a daily basis, you know? And I think I think, Oh, I when I have that I got to go for an extra walk. I'm going to do something different to kind of compensate for, you know,
Nurse: like my gas is my A one C is gonna be somewhere between 6872
Patient: Yeah, you're probably right. But it looks like you're doing really well. We're just trying to find little things to help you. Um, but I'm I'm guessing maybe We'll want to drop that Lantus down a little bit. Januvia will leave the same metformin. Leave the same. Just try bumping up the fruits and vegetables a little bit, maybe cutting sweets down a little,
Patient: But overall, you're doing great.
Nurse: Maybe the month of November. Just go for it. See how it goes.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're doing awesome that we're getting
Nurse: into that time of year, though, because you have to do, like, I always get home.
Nurse: Suffer.
Nurse: Lot of us just sit around with on TV Year. What sports, whereas before he wrote the are doing stuff, I think this is a tough time of year.
Patient: Do you have any kind of, um so do you just usually do your walking outside or just on campus while you're working? Both. Yeah.
Nurse: I mean, um,
Nurse: I walk every morning from Kaufman. Done. You know,
Nurse: um, I walk
Nurse: from here to there, obviously, but I I walked
Nurse: easily three miles a day.
Patient: That's awesome. Good. Good. Keeping that up is great. I started talking about the diet a little bit more just because we were thinking like, okay, cholesterol wise.
Patient: If you're not on the medication, how can we worked on that as well in fruits and vegetables is probably one of the best ways.
Nurse: Should I give the medication to try? I still have some left over
Patient: work on some dietary. You know, if you really had side effects and that got better when you stopped it, I would wait, Talk to your doctor. You may want to consider a lower dose of a different medication that may not have the same okay effect, but I think the cornerstone for treating cholesterol, diabetes, everything is dying, you know, diet activity. And so, trying to focus mostly on that. Be interesting to see how dietary changes can affect your cholesterol, you know. And then, if you're still struggling despite kind of trying to eat more fruits, vegetables, more plant based foods, less processed foods, then maybe it's time to consider another, um, medication, you know, but I like to give you a good try on the diet before another medication is tried, especially from bad side effects.
Patient: Um, any other concerns or questions? Think
Nurse: about transition
Nurse: from, uh,
Nurse: study. That's to be oh, interesting recommendations, because instead of results until after January of 22
Patient: 22
Nurse: because we end April of
Nurse: 22 Morning.
Patient: 0, 21. Yes. Yes,
Patient: that's true. So, yeah. I mean, as far as I think, most studies typically recommend just continuing on what you're on in the study after it's over, especially if it's working. But of lot of times, you know, some medications are more expensive or you know things like that, and you've got to think of the practical, Um, definitely metformin's dirt cheap. It's been around forever, and something better we would not recommend stopping
Patient: Atlanta's. You know, I think the combination of what you're on is working really well. And so if your insurance is able to cover it and continue, I would just continue
Patient: with the university. Yeah, yeah. Um, And then the other thing is, um,
Patient: you know, there are newer classes of medications that have actually come out since the study has ended. Um, that are,
Patient: you know, also very good in protective of cardiovascular risk. Again, they're newer, and they're more expensive as well. So it's going to be a balance and trying to find out what's the best treatment. But as far as controlling your diabetes, you're doing it a wonderful job On what you're taking,
Nurse: um, I on animal insulin. Or is it?
Patient: No, it's synthetic. Yeah, it's human. Recombinant DNA. So it's a recompeting insulin. So it's basically just very similar to what human insulin is, but it's synthetic. Does not animal. Yeah. The previous insulins years ago used to be pork and
Nurse: sure. Do they still make that or? No.
Patient: No,
Patient: I don't think so. They don't still make pork insulin, do they?
Patient: I don't know how they would either.
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: So keep up the good work. Nice to see you. Good. You fall and we'll see you next year. All right. Take care of this form. Yeah. Is it fall winter? Have a great winter.
Patient: Uh, thanks.
Nurse: Okay, we get
Nurse: paperwork.
Nurse: How are
Patient: you on testers?
Patient: I
Patient: want to run over to the office farms. Gonna be here for a while, right?
Patient: If I'm back in about now,
Patient: cut your list.
Patient: What?
Patient: I burnt it on the wood stove. I was shoving a piece of wood in our wood stove in a brand brand.
Patient: Okay. Got your
Nurse: insulin the okay. They lost the green tab here. No. Okay.
Nurse: Which surprises this first ever seen?
Nurse: Got insulin.
Nurse: I got metformin
Nurse: and supplies alcohol swabs.
Nurse: I'm good on those
Nurse: light sets for poking your finger. I could use a box of those
Nurse: e got you 10 strips for as money. It's two a day. Okay,
Nurse: now the insulin. I brought my cooler. Okay, so with the ice pack,
Nurse: put that in.
Nurse: Well,
Nurse: again. Next appointment is mid January
Nurse: nonfasting.
Nurse: But you'll have to pee.
Nurse: Car
Nurse: This'll be cold enough for you.
Nurse: So we have a 2020 calendar.
Nurse: Thursday's good day. Yeah.
Nurse: I gotta go get, like, 16 different ways to go toe workspace
Nurse: APS on the phone Because
Nurse: security jump. No,
Nurse: you like the early one.
Nurse: So Thursday the ninth, There's a 7. 30 available.
Nurse: Next Thursday is the 16th.
Nurse: That one's full through the night through the night.
Nurse: Do you want me to send out the sample menus? Going to see what it? Yeah. I think we have a 22 100
Nurse: Right? Because the dietician made him up,
Nurse: Gave us different calorie ranges.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: That would be good. Talk.
Nurse: My yellow sheet
Nurse: thin sample menu.
Nurse: 80 websites. Good, too.
Nurse: They have ah, calculators. You living with type two diabetes, part of their website.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: so they have
Nurse: different types of been used foods like that, too.
Nurse: That thank you.
Nurse: Calendars.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Really gotten it before the year started.
Nurse: Usually we get him in June
Nurse: and you don't get rid of a lot of them.
Nurse: Okay, this ends E
Nurse: 27 month visit for purchase meant to 800 to 7 to the local time is
Nurse: eight.
Nurse: 39.
Nurse: I guess so.
Nurse: going to start today's great study visit. Today is November 1st, 2019 on the current local time
Nurse: is 7 56 in the morning. My name's Steven Rela, and I am the clinical research coordinator at the Great study. Say two for one.
Nurse: I have a great study participant with the idea Number 24101 78. And he has given permission to have this visit recorded. There are no other people coming with this. Participate in this exam room.
Nurse: This is a quarterly visit and the visit number is 30.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: okay.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: So since your last visit, have you been diagnosed with high blood
Patient: pressure? No, I've already had
Nurse: yet. Have you been started on new medications, right?
Nurse: Since your last visit, have you been diagnosed with high cholesterol?
Patient: Not use this stuff I've had? Yeah.
Nurse: On any new medications.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: essential last visit. Have you had a heart attack?
Nurse: Have you had a stroke?
Nurse: We've been diagnosed with heart failure
Nurse: and I'm assuming no medications to treat.
Nurse: Have you had any vascular procedures?
Nurse: And have you taken any diabetes medications not provided to you by here?
Nurse: Right? Metformin?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with cancer centralized with, you know, I would.
Nurse: I was doing the treatment for cancer. Have you been diagnosed with kidney disease? Are looking?
Nurse: Have you been started on dialysis or achieved a kidney transplant?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with pancreatitis?
Nurse: And have you had any er, visits or hospitalizations since your last visit?
Nurse: Have you had a motor vehicle accident? Which were the drug?
Nurse: And have you had any weight loss procedures?
Nurse: And have you had an amputation not related to a major accident?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with diabetic eye disease?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with depression? Central expensive. Have you received any treatment for depression medication
Nurse: since your last visit? Have you had any acute left threatening events?
Nurse: Any hospitalizations? Any persistent or significant incapacity?
Nurse: Any treatment to prevent the occurrence of a serious medical problem?
Nurse: Any possible heart event event related to circulation?
Nurse: Any event resulting permit overdose on the medication.
Nurse: Any events of severe hypoglycemia where you couldn't treat yourself
Nurse: and any events of acute metabolic decompensations. This is diabetic ketoacidosis.
Patient: Everything's been normal.
Patient: Little it again. Three.
Nurse: Any left against it?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Any pregnancy resulting in a child with a birth defect.
Patient: I don't think so.
Patient: Got the wrong opinion.
Patient: I got the advantage. Therefore, I
Nurse: can't.
Nurse: All right, So you're still taking the metformin? Correct? And then LeBron and yes. And how many pills a day? You're taking a metformin.
Patient: Metformin. Taking four pills. 2000, 2000. Morning. 1000 at night.
Nurse: Perfect. And you sometimes forget to take your metformin. Good.
Patient: Yeah.
Patient: You're gonna ask the same question for the right. Okay.
Patient: Have you
Nurse: ever cut back or stop taking your metformin without telling me? Because it made you. Who knows?
Nurse: Whatever you travel early won't be. Sometimes forget to bring him back for me.
Nurse: And did you take over performing yesterday?
Patient: I got Today's doing more, but I haven't got the office yet.
Nurse: When you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control, you
Nurse: know,
Nurse: and you
Nurse: take metformin every day.
Nurse: So how would you say if you're gonna take metformin? Never.
Nurse: Yeah. Have you missed any doses in the past two weeks?
Nurse: He's
Nurse: and you're still taking
Nurse: questions again
Nurse: for you? Do you sometimes forget
Nurse: Have you cut back or stop taking it right?
Nurse: Okay. Whenever you travel e foam, do you sometimes forget to bring it with you and you take glimepiride yesterday
Nurse: when you feel like your diabetes under control, your cut back or stop taking it
Nurse: and you feel hasn't bothered on the glimepiride every day.
Nurse: Have you missed any doses in past two weeks?
Nurse: Her
Nurse: all right And how much? Shut up. Already taking that one
Nurse: on that? We started you on any insulin
Nurse: during the past three months. How many times have you are a family member on your behalf called a healthcare provider for any health issues or concerns you have
Nurse: again the past three months. How many times have you are a family member on your behalf? Contacted healthcare provider via email text in your own online portal for any health issues or concerns.
Nurse: I
Patient: think that is what They're disability. So mobile phone constantly with medical and got you. Okay. But not hurting. Now. I don't know my job
Nurse: and, er the past three months. How many times How many, uh, outpatient visits have you had? So it could be two. Primary care, doctor. Eye doctor, anything. That's
Patient: just my normal medical stuff. Okay.
Patient: Good.
Patient: Monday. I went to do Monday.
Patient: Okay, wait.
Patient: Do Monday
Patient: Last Monday,
Patient: doctor swimming for
Patient: Oh, my sleep study. That's
Nurse: gonna sleep. Study. Sleep, study. Have you had any primary business department chair?
Patient: I see her next week. Okay. Just a sleep study.
Patient: It was just getting My cpap machine died from 100 years ago. Seven. It was 18 years old of run into the crab.
Patient: And since the V A says we have no records of it, even though it was showing. Yeah. So I have to go through the entire process again. Initial in this assessment. Sleep study. You're right. You have it. Here is a new machine because the machine was sold. Yeah. I didn't even have any Didn't downloads? Nothing.
Patient: I just want to 2001 When I got the machine jury rig it to make it work
Nurse: for 18 years.
Nurse: Actually, much. Have you been admitted to a nursing home rehab
Nurse: facility?
Nurse: Just go over your medication list with a picture of things.
Nurse: The same
Nurse: change. You still take atorvastatin
Nurse: high cholesterol? Yes. Yes. Uh, sildenafil for as needed. Yes,
Nurse: I obviously metformin glimepiride losartan
Nurse: hypertension
Patient: for high blood pressure is
Nurse: vitamin B 12 supplement.
Nurse: I been pregnant as needed.
Patient: I don't take it. It's definitely better for the Motrin because that's my stomach.
Patient: I've
Patient: been Did you maybe. Oh, I haven't been years years touch.
Patient: I mean, they they gave it to me when I went to emergency room one time. Just
Patient: got stuck in the back of the boat. Captain,
Patient: is it IV girls in the hand? Uh,
Patient: and Motrin make my stomach stomach is turn.
Patient: I don't know.
Patient: Do you have a chance? I have B as in. Yeah, I saw. And I also have now report recently diagnosed. I don't know if I told you guys last time. I have now. Gastric
Patient: Parisse is gastroparesis. I have I've been diagnosed with gastric. Nothing has been done yet. I'm still scheduled to see the nutritionist because we're gonna try that routine before we go to new medications. So nothing's changed yet. I guess
Patient: in the last several months,
Patient: long as I've been diagnosed with and they're trying to figure out how to
Patient: deal with because I ds and my GERD right here
Patient: because the fraternity and and a pre meant resolve, whatever it's called pre X and took hers. All right, I'm at the max dosage. I cannot go any higher, but my bs and my girls are still gone ballistic. And so then they found out with the gastric. Parisse is now, and so they're sending me. The dietician were gonna try that route first before they change medications for my stomach
Patient: Because I guess that stuff has severe survivors of side effects.
Patient: And so nothing changed. Nothing much, Just nothing. I've been diagnosed with it.
Nurse: Nothing.
Nurse: And when did they diagnose your previous
Patient: two months? Last two months.
Patient: I know, but what am I missing?
Patient: Another has changed, I think. Changed. Except you just got I've been diagnosed with it. That's it.
Patient: Okay.
Patient: Yeah, because they left a screw up.
Nurse: Are you taking any weight loss? Medications. So, do you take aspirin? At least three times screwed up.
Patient: I did take aspirin, but one of my
Patient: colonoscopy, they didn't mean they saw erosion. So they said, stop taking over the counter stuff. I was taking the time. I was taking
Patient: calls. Me from the joints. I miss taking
Patient: aspirin, baby aspirin. Do you have minor hurt things?
Patient: And then I was also taking a
Patient: Centrum silver, you know, over 50 getting vitamins. And they said, Just stop taking over the counter stuff because it will show erosion on me.
Patient: I just take what I need
Nurse: you to take. Whatever you have to do that.
Nurse: Got a picture?
Nurse: Um, are you taking any more?
Nurse: You know, atypical anti psychotics? No.
Nurse: In the past few months, have you taken any Orel intravenous injected or inhaled steroids?
Nurse: Great
Nurse: and look like
Nurse: your grandfather?
Nurse: And are you currently taking any depression? Exactly.
Nurse: So have you had any change in your contact information since lesson?
Nurse: And you still see the same Primerica?
Patient: What do you got? Her name and she's got married. Her name's Thomas. Announced it. Thompson? Yeah, very.
Nurse: Uh,
Nurse: So you recently diagnosed with gastroparesis is
Patient: but no medications? No, I don't think I'm scheduled. I think I'm scheduled to see the dietician the end of November.
Patient: You know, the eight doesn't do anything fast, except, say the word note to your disability benefits.
Patient: You've heard of heard
Patient: it was in the short amount of time.
Patient: Okay, he does nothing,
Nurse: but
Nurse: I know trying to get my
Nurse: my walk access from V aids
Nurse: rial processed.
Nurse: Okay, So what? The gastroparesis you said they initiated that about you want to
Nurse: have too much
Nurse: On
Nurse: what exactly? So they do anything like Did they scope today? You know what they did the test. What kind of they were You eat the
Patient: eggs with the sprinkled stuff with, and they take X ray of your stomach every 15 minutes watching you digest your food, and it shows the ending. I forgot what it's called that that
Patient: they have.
Patient: They put the poisoning, the iridium or whatever. The a the eggs. And then they they take one minute running photograph every 15 minutes.
Patient: They need it for three hours,
Patient: and they saw that my emptying is more than twice.
Patient: And another thing that's been happening lately, it seems like my morning throw up yet I have a dirt. It's getting my foods is You get well,
Patient: morning. Part of my morning ritual now seems to be, I'd say three, sometimes four times a week.
Patient: Just wait it out and empty. The stomach
Nurse: didn't from last night.
Patient: It's from what's ever left over. My body had pushed out,
Patient: and so that has slowly started.
Nurse: Well, let's I think we have like Oh yeah,
Nurse: yeah, no, that's good.
Nurse: So the late gastric emptying.
Nurse: So just
Nurse: there are 3 to 4 mornings.
Patient: Get 3 to 4 mornings a week.
Patient: When I get get things going and I get moving themselves, I get vertical, you know, stand up my stories. Okay.
Patient: And the thing is, it's not like, you know, when you do when you're sick. You know, once I do it, I brush my teeth. Give it comes in 10 minutes. I'm good to go. You find it's just my body says, vacate this food now
Patient: it sucks.
Patient: It's not really.
Patient: And,
Patient: you know, I've been with the A bridge. I don't work at the V eight. I mean, I work at the V, but I don't work for the the working for the veterans of form wars
Patient: and I've been studying This is all my issues or 100% interlinked and tight directly to call for syndrome. The I bs, the GERD joint pain,
Patient: the chronic fatigue, that sleep issue with the memory is all presumptive from the Gulf Force. It
Patient: thank you for, um, service. Of course. That comes with the territory.
Nurse: Yeah, I understand.
Nurse: On then. You're slipped. L five s one disc. Is that still
Nurse: okay?
Nurse: Yeah, I think
Nurse: they look great. Do the last they saw. Okay?
Nurse: then are you gonna be needing any supplies? Honest
Patient: Spares it up around the house to keep me going for probably two
Nurse: periods.
Nurse: So your blood sugars. How often do you check it? Check
Patient: it.
Patient: That's what I forgot to do it. So, what time was the appointment? I forgot to. I usually check it every day today. It was, first of all for gotten once,
Patient: but yesterday's number 1 13 13. Okay, I did my blood pressure every morning, and I do my sugar. Okay,
Patient: a bit. Pretty good. 13 like, Yeah,
Patient: upper like 11071 20 is usually around that right in there.
Patient: I think my lowest I ever got was like, 97 1 time.
Patient: I don't
Patient: I've got to log house
Nurse: for
Nurse: then That's your lowest you said. Probably recently. Did you
Patient: think the lowest I did that about
Patient: three months ago? I guess it would have been the last period or just after,
Patient: But like I said, it wasn't.
Nurse: It was dangerous.
Nurse: And you have? Have you had any sort of?
Nurse: And is it seven?
Nurse: And have you had any high readings? Anything, maybe above 21.
Nurse: That's great.
Nurse: And what is your diet to look like a three meals a day, usually
Patient: more like to to mention it.
Patient: I have never been never, even when I was in my primary young ah, morning breakfast person, which is one of the things I'm gonna have to change their telling me with this with my gastro paresis. So usually I don't need till one or two,
Nurse: usually.
Nurse: So usually, usually you wouldn't
Patient: usually I don't I never have, even when I was in the twenties, in the military thirties, Yet I'm not. If I've never been a breakfast person, that's
Nurse: when you do have your first meal. What do you do?
Patient: Usually will go to one of the restaurants
Patient: or will make something, and it's usually,
Patient: um,
Patient: staying away from the fried foods. But I'll go to like the deli and, you know, get a sandwich. Okay, you know, a sandwich or, you know, story tacos, you know, But it's not fried. Junk food is yeah, you know, because I work
Patient: in the business during to district over language. There's, like 30 40 restaurants, one street, all next to each other. Every thing's there,
Patient: you know, there's
Patient: it's it goes up where there's like a half a dozen Different, you know, like subway Firehouse, Jason Daily.
Patient: Yeah. So when I say a sandwich, foods just not sandwich. So sometimes I'll bring in a small bowl of mac and cheese or some chilly stuff
Patient: just every day. You know? Nothing particular.
Patient: Yeah, you know, not like breads. Or
Patient: I got to stay away from
Patient: certain breads I got to stay away from. And they're telling me now, fiber food, because it's too heavy is one that you think you want to start getting away from a little bit of it.
Patient: Okay.
Patient: And then dinner. What way? Have whatever the kid 22 year old moved in, and she's a chef.
Patient: So the last two nights, we've had a pork tenderloin. Okay, you know,
Patient: mashed potatoes.
Patient: And then
Patient: before that, she made, you know, really beef
Patient: veggies.
Patient: So we we'd halfway decent meal
Nurse: and usually about a good amount of vegetables.
Patient: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Patient: She because there's some Bentyl one morning and she knows that
Patient: 50 years old, I don't like brussel sprouts. I don't eat brussel sprouts. I don't eat piece all the green beans. Yeah, but I don't eat people for you. I understand, you know, stuff like that. But we you know, So, like with the
Patient: the mashed potatoes and the port wine, We had green beans
Patient: the night before that. I had carrots. You know,
Patient: guys that ever since I had a stomach issue has gotten worse. My diet has
Patient: I've had to stop eating.
Patient: Yeah, I want a little speeches, so
Patient: I'll have maybe once a month. Which is what? That's what
Patient: I think. That's carry one has crack. Mine is Mountain Dew.
Patient: Yeah, that's good.
Patient: It's a tough transition. To completely change was you and you're young. You like, right now you're young. I'm invincible. I could take on the world. Okay.
Patient: When did the old man's are looking back at me in the mirror? Yeah.
Patient: And then you say, Oh, my God. I turned into a day.
Patient: That's what you say. I don't want my dad. I have No, I don't wanna be my dad that
Nurse: seriously,
Nurse: do you snack at all during the conflict, snacks, anything. I
Patient: know I'm in the office. I don't really eat a whole lot. One meal just constantly have people for those.
Patient: Okay,
Nurse: um and during the day, you're drinking plenty of water.
Patient: In fact, the lady calls me spoiled, like Fuji.
Nurse: Do you have anything else? Are they like
Nurse: coffee teas? You know, I'm not a coffee drinker.
Nurse: And do you have a consistent exercise? And, you know,
Patient: that is the one thing that's always been an issue.
Patient: I know I'm not,
Patient: you know, present best shape. But I know I'm above average in shape, you know? And, you know, endurance and stuff.
Patient: Working on the house. Work on my sister's house, working other sister's house,
Patient: you know. Oh, Steve, you're still got your electrical license. Come on over When you get a wire
Nurse: this and do that.
Nurse: Okay. Just kind of
Nurse: selected for sure. Uh huh.
Nurse: Okay. Everything looks good. Your blood sugars look great.
Nurse: Plans their diet. Seems like it's
Nurse: It's gotten
Patient: better if you start looking at the note. You'll see and doughnuts. And it was freaking Bangles. And I'm slowly transition Better food.
Patient: Well, that's great. So learning have it? Yeah,
Patient: it's gonna It's definitely gonna change. Definitely gonna change when I guess the nutritionist.
Patient: Is it okay? Make me a list that nose and then make a list of what I should, you know, like breads. starches in the mornings and you know, yeah, proteins. And whatever the and you know you don't want to do with the nutritionist sure is gonna change drastically, which
Patient: operates
Patient: because my nutrition affects my blood sugar.
Nurse: And you're going to see the nutritionist first for the gastro paresis on everything
Patient: they've got. Like I said this, I think it's scheduled sometime next three end of this month or early next month, I'll check my calendar.
Patient: Nutrition's.
Patient: That's again with the basis
Nurse: of
Nurse: a little more information about this. Was there anything that kind of,
Nurse: like, made you want to go to get that contract
Patient: Just
Patient: started going up my stomach. I always felt full right here on top, and they were doing a GERD check, okay? And my GERD And that's when they discovered the gastric paresis. They did the test twice, in fact, because I said the first one, it just didn't seem right like something wrong. So they gave me another one month or two months later. It was more control on this one. Definitely showed. Yeah, basically verified
Nurse: what they originally thought. Yeah. Okay,
Nurse: so everything looks good. Uh, I can't say much. What? You die because it's fine. I won't change anything. You get plenty of vegetables, which is great.
Nurse: Uh, is it your daughter? Your
Patient: daughter? Her daughter hurt my It's my step. Daughters stepped out. She just
Patient: moving. My boyfriend broke up with their own ways. And Mommy, there's little. But your dad do that?
Nurse: Yes. That's good shit. You're gonna get some good, well balanced meals
Nurse: to cook. That's great
Nurse: exercise.
Nurse: I don't. Yeah, but like
Patient: I said, I know I'm active because, like, I got to go fix the fence in the backyard, and I can't go repair this or go. Do you know what all underneath the car just do is typical. And that's eyes physical. You know, I don't I don't hire people, do my yard work. You know, if things the fans are fixed, the car, I do it. Unless it's beyond my means, crawling underneath the car. My truck is in 2001 with 280,000 miles, so I gotta do something
Patient: crawling in it. You know, I
Nurse: still get that.
Nurse: That's actually
Patient: that's I don't know. That's what I like to go to the gym. No, but it might.
Patient: I do. You know, I said, I don't hire everyone to do all my things. We go out, we put the whole grain decorations. There's people now I kid you not. There's companies out there. Hang up your Christmas decorations. Take him down. Same thing that we do all that. And, of course, I got a two story house. So in them, like my my open rooms or 16 ft tall, you know, the to open rooms. And so the roof is really high. So I get up there tight often. Hang up the Christmas lights. Bring up. Now. Guess what I got to bring down this weekend. Probably never ate
Patient: that. Are underneath the snow. Still
Patient: busy. Busy. Don't do gym. You're
Nurse: not going to the gym. Look that way. You still give you
Nurse: so one thing things You have to be here.
Patient: I got
Patient: my levels. Yes,
Patient: that's why I bring him.
Nurse: So these questions have to do with the past 30 days.
Nurse: Questions 78 and nine. If you answer no to those questions, just skip the next question.
Nurse: We'll start Pains State.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: area
Nurse: opening.
Nurse: Sure. They're not trying to move into the long awful.
Nurse: That's it. That's it. Just that.
Nurse: So Another thing I just want to clarify with you. Do you know the color of the
Nurse: pill?
Patient: It's a light green.
Patient: Just gotta make sure you have
Patient: that one right there.
Patient: You know, I said I take that one of my other 1000 mg
Patient: when I get to work.
Patient: Those are the three pills I take in the morning.
Patient: So
Nurse: anything we have to do here is just go over this with you because you've got patients in the past, have some issues with their dosing. So metformin, you're taking 2000 mg a day. Each pill is 500. That's 1000 pills. Two pills in the morning, two pills at night. They recommend taking with your toe. Had any GERD issues. You're also taking glimepiride 1 mg total. That's a to give you 2 mg pills that the green Don't you cut pill in half a pill once a day? All right, so we just need a quick signature down here, acknowledge and everyone over those instructions and you understand you're dozing and the medications that you're taking.
Patient: Holy Camp Januvia. All these These are all the commercials you see.
Patient: Like Januvia Victoza.
Nurse: It's funny. Now that I started working here. I see that I'm just like I know exactly.
Nurse: And
Patient: I know what it does to you. Don't buy it is not worth
Nurse: it. Sure.
Nurse: Just quit date.
Nurse: That is First
Nurse: I
Patient: had a dollar. I sign my name.
Patient: I must I kid you Not what I do with the VA over there doing paperwork. I'll probably sign my name 500 times a day. I just
Patient: just going to
Patient: send the form.
Patient: Not that high. But, you know, if there's some days like is it
Patient: on average day? I'd say 25 35
Nurse: is it is complete current time, 56.
Nurse: Now we're going to start. Today's great visit. Today is Saturday. Um, November 2nd. And the local time is 9. 10 in the morning.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: I'm here with the My name is Nina Prikhodko. I am the research assistant for the Great Study site. $17. 0. I'm here with a great study participant with a D number 170.2 to 4, and he's given me permission to record this visit. This is a quarterly visit, and the visit number is 33.
Nurse: All right, let's go and get started. Josh.
Nurse: So
Nurse: you were saying that you were almost at, um
Nurse: okay, Yeah. We'll definitely go over supplies today. And now replenish that along with your medications. You have your meter today. Perfect.
Nurse: Um, tell me about your last few months. Have you had any word numbers?
Nurse: I'm sure you've talked Alexandra and last night a little bit, but
Patient: basically, steadily
Patient: incline
Patient: directly to,
Patient: uh, stress. And, uh,
Patient: you know, uh,
Patient: job, job requirements, coming home and raise. And, yeah, it's not working out for great cycle. For health wise
Nurse: is did you change your job or just your job is very stressful.
Patient: Uh, so we're going on. Our wife and I are going on vacation
Patient: right after Thanksgiving.
Patient: We're gonna go for 10 days on, uh,
Patient: just getting everything prepared so I can be done for 10 days. Okay. Is, uh well,
Patient: Thursday, I worked in 18 hour day.
Nurse: Oh, my. Do you do you take regular books. Teo do that.
Patient: I just, uh I did what I needed to do. Grab something. Greens. Didn't even realize that it was almost 11 o'clock. Just
Nurse: Yeah, even if it's like a granola bar, some something in your pocket, that's
Nurse: not just candy, you know, because I did
Nurse: not having regularly. I mean, I'm sure you know that's not having regular meal times really effect. I knew. But sugar,
Patient: it's definitely affecting your study.
Nurse: Okay? Do you self titrate your large ing does,
Patient: uh, So it's Alexandra. I been doing a
Patient: 1 55 55 I've increased that on my own. 16 60. So 100.
Nurse: Okay. And how long ago did you increase that?
Patient: Uh, was last Tuesday, last Tuesday.
Nurse: Okay. So just the brand using. Yeah. Okay,
Patient: so
Patient: we kept it at 55 but now it's at 60. Okay,
Nurse: so 1 20 total. What about so gliptin the same dose,
Nurse: and that's Ah ah 100.
Nurse: Yeah, E i
Nurse: Once I said it looked in dose. Usually I think it's 100. And then what about your metformin?
Patient: Yeah, for for these
Nurse: 2000,
Nurse: Uh, any problems with
Nurse: being able to take those? Just kind of do it in the morning and at night? Do you take You said of lifted in the morning or at night?
Patient: I take all of this in the in the morning time frame. The other one. I did actually try shift again at night, so we we did. We split it up months back. We split it up for half and half. Okay? We did a full combination,
Patient: and it was asked to be taken in the morning
Patient: because it's on the high rates and everything. I also like what happens by taking at night. So I tried taking it at night, and then
Patient: it's
Nurse: okay to take it in the morning.
Nurse: I
Patient: haven't taken it this morning.
Nurse: That's fine. Um, I couldn't get you some, uh,
Nurse: water or coffee or something if you need. And we could take your medications because it's not a fasting visit today's just
Patient: I in order to keep constantly. I'm always fasting that way. Okay, every single one of them,
Nurse: right? For Did you do your that? It wasn't morning that morning. Was it this morning?
Patient: Uh,
Patient: from two.
Nurse: Okay, Yeah, that's a little bit high. Is that kind of in the norm for you in the mornings?
Nurse: Okay, that's
Patient: it's that
Patient: or
Nurse: Well, um, I'll really this to Alexander and boss. Mine will see if we need to adjust your glargine further. But I'll look at your A one c too. So that will give me a better average of kind of what's been going on over the last three months.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: okay, um, as far as your other medications go, Josh, are you still taking omeprazole
Nurse: atorvastatin?
Nurse: Lisinopril hctz combination? Um, cyclobenzaprine is needed. And now person is needed.
Nurse: And then sildenafil and multivitamins.
Nurse: Anything else I'm forgetting? No. Okay. No allergies.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: All right. Let me ask you
Nurse: here. So, talking about your supplies, right?
Nurse: Ah, you've been definitely need more lancets today. Your age.
Nurse: I'll get you a box. It's 100 in the box. So you should be okay till next visit. Right? Um, meter strips.
Patient: Meter strips be funny, but obviously the regular regular count would be great. I'm probably gonna show. Asked to take it more, so I probably
Nurse: wouldn't want to want to do it. Not just fasting.
Patient: Yeah, I'm probably gonna need more. Lancets could switch from each time.
Nurse: Okay, so I'll give you two boxes. Okay. Um, what about pen needles? The pen
Nurse: bit of enlarging. They're
Patient: going to say the pen needles
Patient: now up to, you know, between dance way. And it's like now I have three shots like you have instead of two.
Patient: Um,
Nurse: well, I think every two boxes instead of one. Today, it's 100 in a box, too. So,
Nurse: um, and then do you need more alcohol wipes? Yeah. Yeah.
Nurse: Do you want more than one box? Okay, I'll give you two. Is that good enough? Um, Sharps container. Sharp container.
Nurse: You don't forget to bring it. That's all right. Beautiful can use my, um I'll get you another one today.
Patient: Well, I have one.
Nurse: Empty it back up.
Patient: A full one. A one that I'm using. I think I have an empty one, but I'll take another one.
Nurse: Okay.
Patient: I'll drop it off with
Patient: Yeah, next week.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Do you want a paper packet for your blood glucose numbers Did keep one.
Patient: No, but I found out that I have an app on there that I could actually start plugging. Okay. Drag. Yes.
Patient: A little bit better for me. So start using.
Nurse: Okay, Good. Yeah. That's all we use here. We went down with your meter, and then we have everything electronically, so we can always look at the average is and things like that. Okay. So I'll get you some supplies while we check your blood pressure.
Nurse: I do have your honorarium check here. So thank you for being part of our study. Appreciate you being with us. And actually, you are coming up on your three year anniversary for your next visit. Okay, That's gonna be about mid February.
Nurse: And that's one of those big visit. So we have to have you here during the week because we don't have the capacity to run the lab and hold on on Saturday.
Nurse: Can you come in around eight o'clock on any given day? You want to schedule ahead
Patient: of your better
Nurse: seven?
Nurse: Okay. Okay. Let's do seven. That's a really good start. Time for us. Um,
Nurse: and I'm looking around the week of
Nurse: Gee, uh, February 15th.
Nurse: I can't remember. We have a couple of appointments that air annuals already scheduled around that time. So is there a specific day you prefer during the week? If you have to take a day off?
Nurse: Not a Monday. Okay. No problem.
Patient: So the week of February, so it would be the next week
Patient: or the week.
Nurse: It could be if you you could be a few days here. They're Yeah.
Patient: Okay. So, um,
Patient: could do the
Nurse: two today?
Nurse: Probably. Yes. I'll shoot for that.
Patient: We want to just check it first.
Nurse: Yeah, I'll check for sure. While we get the blood pressure. I'm just trying to get preliminary dates. Like, if you only can take use. This only could do Fridays out a schedule and figure it out. So we'll we'll look at that Tuesday. Make sure that it's available for you. If not, is there another good day for you?
Patient: I could do it.
Nurse: Okay. Perfect. So the week before the, um
Nurse: oh, the week after the 15. Okay.
Nurse: No problem.
Patient: So whatever day you have in there,
Patient: I'll put it on the calendar
Nurse: got him. Okay,
Nurse: let me go ahead and ask you better
Nurse: questions here.
Nurse: All right? We're gonna talk about since last visit. So since August, Okay,
Nurse: and today is already
Nurse: November 2nd while
Nurse: so what are you just Were you guys going on vacation? Uh
Nurse: oh, my gosh. That's so exciting. Okay, well, hopefully you have stress. Just melt away,
Nurse: watch what you're eating. And I'm sure there's someone to get stuff there for you to try.
Patient: Way
Patient: for every single
Nurse: Good. I'm excited for you guys. I'm sure you just really good relaxing vacation, especially with working so hard. So you okay?
Nurse: All right. So let's talk about the last three months. All right, Josh,
Nurse: In the last three months or since your last visit, Heavy had a new diagnosis of high blood pressure.
Nurse: Have you started new medication for high blood pushing? Have you had a new diagnosis of high cholesterol? Know your medication for high cholesterol?
Nurse: Have you been?
Nurse: Have you had a heart attack since last visit? No stroke? No. Have you been diagnosed with heart failure? No. Hey, have you started a new medication for heart failure?
Nurse: Heavy head. Uh, vascular procedure.
Nurse: Have you taken in your glucose lowering medications not prescribed by us
Nurse: since last visit. Have you
Nurse: been diagnosed with cancer?
Nurse: Have you started a new treatment for cancer?
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with kidney disease of protein in your urine?
Nurse: Have you started on dialysis? Have received the kidney transplant.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with pancreatitis since last isn't heavy. Had an ER visit or hospitalization?
Nurse: Um, have you got a more of a motor vehicle accident in which you're the driver?
Nurse: Have you had a weight loss procedure
Nurse: since the last visit? Heavy had an amputation of related to a major accident.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with diabetic eye disease Retinopathy?
Nurse: Do you see an eye doctor regularly, Like once a year?
Nurse: No.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Yeah. I would definitely recommend for our diabetic patients to to have a least once in your checkup.
Nurse: His eyes were one of the things that can get affected with the micro vessels. Okay,
Patient: Uh, get appointment next week with my
Patient: primary care again. Subsequent report.
Nurse: Perfect. Yeah, he will be a point of contact for referrals and one okay.
Nurse: Have you been diagnosed with depression since last visit? Uh, are you currently being treated with medication? of therapy.
Nurse: Uh, have you had an acute life threatening event since last visit?
Nurse: Have you had hospitalizations for more than 24 hours?
Nurse: Persistent or significant incapacity
Nurse: if he had a treatment to prevent the currents of a serious medical problem, could include it could include an er visit for the Medicaid acidosis. For example.
Nurse: Have you had a possible heart event event related to circulation?
Nurse: Have you had an event resulting from an overdose of any medication? No.
Nurse: Have you had severe hypoglycemia? So much of this one had to help you.
Nurse: Uh, heavy had accu metabolic decompensation,
Nurse: lactic acidosis,
Nurse: a pancreatitis,
Nurse: thyroid cancer,
Nurse: pregnancy resulting in a child with birth defect.
Nurse: But
Nurse: all right. And are you taking your study metformin? Josh?
Nurse: Okay. Uh, 2000, you said,
Nurse: but, um, it for me?
Nurse: Yes.
Nurse: You know, when I go over it and date and Terry and I would
Nurse: look at it and see what? Why did I do that? Thank you. Appreciate it. Uh,
Nurse: 2000.
Nurse: Okay. Uh, do you sometimes forget to take your metformin?
Nurse: Have you ever stopped back? Stop or cut back on taking metformin without telling your doctor because you feel worse when you take it
Nurse: right when you travel or leave home, Do you sometimes forget it?
Nurse: Good. Uh, did you take all of it yesterday? Yes.
Nurse: When you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control, do you sometimes forget you metformin or stop taking the metformin, though,
Nurse: Uh, do you ever feel household or bothered by your treatment plan?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: And how often do you forget your metformin? Is it never really? Once in a while? Sometimes. Usually.
Nurse: Okay, Good. Any doses missed in the last two weeks?
Nurse: Okay. How many pills from metformin are you supposed to take per day for
Nurse: out of the last seven days? How many of the 28 pills? But you've list 01 to 6. Okay. And are you taking you sort of Lipton's?
Nurse: Do you sometimes forget to take yourself a listen?
Nurse: Good.
Nurse: Ah, have you ever come back or stop taking it without telling you, doctor? Because you felt worse when you take it.
Nurse: Have you forgotten when you travel and leave home,
Nurse: Okay. And did you take all of it yesterday? Yes.
Nurse: Um, do you ever feel, uh, when you feel like it may be the symptoms are under control. do you sometimes stop taking you sort of gliptin.
Nurse: All right. Uh, and do you feel hassled or bothered by a treatment plan with that medication?
Nurse: Do you all forget it? Never. Really, once in a while, okay. Know does is mister
Nurse: perfect. Um, just
Nurse: confirm on your prescription here. So I did see four bottles of metformin in there and into sitagliptin. Okay? And we're not changing your dosages today on any of that. Still at a, um, immediate release Metformin.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: okay. And then for sitagliptin, you were at 100 mg. Just We'll keep it that way
Nurse: in two more bottles for you today.
Nurse: Okay?
Nurse: Uh, and you haven't started on glargine.
Nurse: Um, so
Nurse: total those parent to today's visit, you change to 120.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: I'm not gonna change that for you today. I mean, this is anything for you anyway, so we'll see how that goes. And if that helps your numbers
Nurse: to go down a little bit more and also we'll look at your a one c two to see if there's any more drastic changes than you to be made. Okay,
Nurse: as far as your glargine goes with God,
Nurse: seven boxes or 35 pens today. Okay,
Nurse: um because you increase your dose a little bit if you
Nurse: run out before, I mean, if you calculate, maybe let us know week ahead, or so we can mail you some if we need to, uh, before your next visit. Okay.
Nurse: And you have not been started on any rapid acting insulin, right?
Nurse: Very false walkers.
Nurse: Yeah. Let's let's see how it goes. I'm hoping that not
Patient: not either. Okay,
Patient: Members.
Nurse: Okay. Yeah. Well, you know,
Nurse: we'll have that conversation when my asthma, uh, looks at your numbers. She'll give you a call and we'll go from there and see what we need to do. Okay, but yes, that would be the next step if if we're not able to manage with what we've got right now,
Nurse: as far seen any other doctors besides the great study
Nurse: care providers in the last three months have you had to call and hungry his health study provider about healthy show concern on a phone?
Nurse: What about an email? Online portal. Text messages. Digit to communicate with any doctors. Did you see any doctors since you saw us in August?
Nurse: Okay, but you are seeing your PCP in the next week,
Patient: right?
Patient: Nutrition we're talking about. I visit. Okay. Okay.
Patient: Give me,
Nurse: um Have you been admitted to a nursing home or rehabilitation facility in the last three months? Okay.
Nurse: Right.
Nurse: Looked at your medication list here, but just confirming you're taking some medication for high blood pressure.
Nurse: Uh, you're taking atorvastatin for cholesterol?
Nurse: Uh, any weight loss medications?
Nurse: Any aspirin?
Nurse: Any other glucose lowering medications? Not prescribed by us? Know
Nurse: any hormone treatments? Androgen testosterone replacement
Nurse: any. And they're psychotic medications.
Nurse: Um, any vitamin B 12 supplements?
Nurse: No.
Nurse: Um, have you taken any steroids or li Intravenous inhaled injected me shots. Sometimes people take new nasal spray for allergies.
Nurse: Okay, Uh, any depression or anxiety medications? Something, obviously? No.
Nurse: No problem with that, uh,
Nurse: stress related, maybe.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: I'm so sorry. See, that's also not good for your blood sugars. Josh, talk to your doctor about this and see if there's something they can help with. Okay, it's important that you get enough rest and good nutrition.
Nurse: Okay?
Patient: Actually,
Patient: one night,
Nurse: Okay. Well, one night only pretty much doesn't count for a
Patient: Remember. That's why
Patient: was after I got on a major project
Patient: work.
Patient: Yeah, and I was sick for the last. The last project that was being asked to be
Patient: I just got done the other day. That was 18 hour day.
Patient: So
Patient: technically, I have no more major comp.
Patient: Should be something more like
Patient: backed up.
Nurse: Think about your vacation. Imagine you're already there.
Nurse: You go to sleep.
Nurse: Even better so you can get through it easily. Right?
Nurse: Okay. Just so you can communicate with each other,
Patient: You know, just we're gonna be together the entire time, but that so my kids
Nurse: Oh, right. And get a hold of you. And, I mean, just in case you might
Nurse: be only be
Patient: able to get the phone number, Maybe maybe a distant relative or something.
Patient: Days way We haven't checked in a foam attached.
Patient: Yeah,
Patient: Other than that,
Patient: okay. Or
Nurse: that works.
Patient: I was considering leaving it actually, house. I'm not even taking it.
Nurse: Yeah. I mean, if you take your burner friends, phones.
Nurse: Well, there you go. Never mind.
Nurse: Okay. Well, you have a good plan and motion, so
Patient: Yeah, well,
Patient: trust me, my wife, she
Patient: she said Yeah, yeah. We'll get another phone. So you don't have Excuse
Patient: me.
Nurse: There you go. She's totally on board for your for you to get away. And yeah, that's awesome. For
Nurse: all right. Well, if we have to get a hold of you will just leave a message. I don't think I mean, unless we
Nurse: you're leaving. When?
Nurse: Okay, so we'll definitely talk to you before then. If we see if we need to talk about numbers, Obviously. Okay, So this next form is about your cardiovascular health. We just It's not about the last three months. It's your whole lifetime. We just checking up on our
Nurse: participants with them Heart problems. Have you had the heart attack? Josh, have you ever heard the stroke?
Nurse: Um, have you ever been told that you have heart failure?
Nurse: Um, have you ever had a vascular procedure? Bypass stent grafts, angioplasty? Any surgery, use off on any arteries.
Nurse: Have you had any amputations? Not related to a major accident?
Nurse: Okay, good.
Nurse: All right. So that's it for my forms. But I do have a couple of things for you.
Nurse: Of course, as we usually do.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: and I will, um,
Nurse: go ahead and grab some supplies for you, and then check on that appointment to make sure that we can schedule it and not.
Nurse: Okay, so, uh,
Nurse: I'll hold off on things you need to fill out until after we do the blood pressure.
Nurse: Do you want something? Like water or No, You're good. Okay.
Nurse: I'll go grab the blood pressure cuff of what we're going to do is have you put your feet flat on the ground. Relax. I can do the lights.
Patient: Okay.
Patient: Interesting. You're definitely interesting.
Patient: All
Nurse: right,
Nurse: supplies while we're doing that, and then we'll have some work to fill out for you. Okay?
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: What's going on here? Here,
Nurse: everywhere.
Nurse: All the login meter, too.
Patient: There's gonna be a couple of low blood for years. My wife actually took her blood
Patient: 70. Yeah. Okay. It's not
Nurse: you. Okay? Thank you for letting me know.
Patient: I don't think ever in my life or
Patient: anything.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: Yeah, that would be really concerning if we saw
Patient: that last time.
Patient: Oh, my wife has their own here, but she's grab mine when she's had a little blood sugar.
Patient: Okay, like one or two
Nurse: times.
Nurse: Okay, Well, is going to drop your average is so it might make it seem less realistic if your numbers are high. Because the little numbers will offset it. So we try not to get, you know, share meters just for that purpose. But I'm initially if it was Yeah. Okay. So it probably won't make a big difference on on everything for you.
Patient: The numbers count is
Nurse: okay. So,
Nurse: trying to think about that right now, just relax, maybe think about, you know, a nice beach in Hawaii, and I will be back in five minutes. Okay,
Nurse: We'll take two readings. One minute apart. We won't talk until after the second, baby.
Nurse: Okay?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Good numbers. Um,
Nurse: 1 29/84 in 1. 27/88.
Nurse: So that's
Nurse: good blood pressure.
Nurse: Let's do the weight measurement. Next job.
Nurse: And your pulse rate was about 82 So that's good.
Nurse: All right, So, um, anything out of your pockets and then I make sure we're gonna have you take your shoes off here
Patient: or over there.
Patient: Cool shoes.
Patient: Night.
Patient: There.
Patient: Be able to make that determination without having to go outside in cities.
Nurse: Yeah, it's always best from a thin. Yeah, especially with Ms them when you like.
Nurse: You know, the ropes. And you you've done so well. Hey,
Patient: I'm getting recognition from a lot of a lot of people. So they know.
Patient: No, there's there's people that didn't know my name Now. No,
Patient: it's a
Nurse: good.
Nurse: That must be a good feeling. It
Patient: is
Patient: pretty arduous to get there.
Nurse: Yeah, lots of
Nurse: sleep.
Nurse: Uh huh.
Nurse: Well, good goal Insight. So that's
Nurse: that's good. I was able to get you in on that Tuesday. The 18th. Okay, it's have seven o'clock. So there's your reminder card for that, Um,
Nurse: and after downloading your meter Yeah, I did say that your lowest was 43 which must be a wives' number, right? And your average was 1 60. So he might be your average might be a little bit higher than that,
Nurse: but it's not in two hundred's, which is, you know, based on what you were telling me earlier, I was wondering, like, I hope it's not that high, but still way wanted. We wanted within 90 and 1 20 usually, and that's way above that. So
Patient: one point it was 1 20
Patient: 1 21.
Nurse: Okay,
Nurse: I have all your supplies in here to
Nurse: give you medications that
Nurse: thin
Nurse: things. Cool things there.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: I do have a couple of forms for you here. Jobs. Okay.
Nurse: Um Well, first of all, I think we had a question about your current provider.
Nurse: Yes. Um, has that changed Carla Brian?
Patient: Um,
Patient: her name is now.
Nurse: Is it at the provider of American Lake? Yeah,
Nurse: it's in your records.
Nurse: Okay,
Patient: this one right here is no longer go back.
Patient: Okay?
Patient: It's not the doctor. Their office too.
Patient: I was didn't have problems being seen, but it was just
Patient: people didn't fill up paperwork, and then I had to get the metric choice, and
Patient: it's like they just need to do this and I don't know, coaching through it. I'm like, Why am I doing that? That's part of your job.
Nurse: Exactly. Okay, so we take Take that off.
Nurse: So you have a different provider here, elbow, so we'll have to look up. Yeah,
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: A scars. Anything else? Your phone number address is exactly the same.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: So Oh,
Patient: I have another Anybody to add. Well,
Patient: okay, we'll see.
Patient: Well, see, that's
Nurse: yeah. Way harder, kids. My son is my oldest is 12 now, but my youngest is three months, and
Nurse: I'm thinking, like when he goes to the playground in like, six months. He was just gonna walk up to a random kid. And they're gonna be best friends you
Nurse: like to do that. Doesn't tell us what we can,
Nurse: Um, go ahead and fill this form out for me as well, and we just have a blood draw after this. Okay.
Nurse: Know Brush?
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: Thank you. Yeah, for my favorite. It's very, uh, it's still fine tip, but it's very dark.
Nurse: All right.
Nurse: All that with that.
Nurse: In what arm do you prefer today, Josh?
Nurse: Left arm. Okay,
Patient: I will say
Patient: it was,
Patient: um I was, like, $10 worth of this,
Patient: and soon as I got my cool piano like I
Nurse: Oh, I
Patient: feel like my morning pants.
Patient: It really does. It's really friend material.
Patient: It's amazing.
Nurse: I got these jeans when I was on order to, and they're really nice for the for the amount of money. It was very little.
Nurse: Yeah.
Nurse: I love,
Patient: you know, come officially with the Internet. Went, came
Nurse: around and
Patient: do it on my shopping.
Patient: I've had a couple of things that says it says from China or whatever and have that size chart.
Patient: That's nice. Chart isn't necessarily the right side.
Patient: size chart has some weird, weird numbers on a switch for a big gallon.
Nurse: You're
Nurse: right.
Nurse: Yeah, I found that out. Was shoes, word out a pair of shoes. And I said I tried the
Nurse: length or with. And then it's a pain to return if it's a third party. That Oh, overseas. So
Nurse: I just
Nurse: Yeah,
Patient: you're pretty stuck on that one. I've I've had that or I still have it of the block. Like you know what?
Nurse: Yes, That's what I'm doing
Patient: way better.
Patient: I know. It's
Nurse: kind of usually notice the sentence of also just
Patient: more. It would be fine,
Patient: but
Patient: it's
Patient: important.
Patient: First of all,
Patient: it looks like a camera.
Nurse: Yeah,
Nurse: just a sec. I'll be
Patient: right back. Okay.
Patient: Have no
Nurse: Josh doing all right with that Band aid there. Okay.
Nurse: Um,
Nurse: hopefully this is good. Or do you want me to get you, like, a big
Nurse: my back?
Nurse: Consolidate?
Nurse: Okay. Okay. Yeah. So hopefully this is good. I would say people just only actually like this whole list of
Nurse: words. Okay. Um,
Nurse: of course, you go want these? You can use the first. Yeah,
Patient: it would
Patient: have to be a therapy.
Nurse: Okay.
Nurse: I know. I love these. These air. So nice.
Nurse: All right, let me know if you have any more questions. So bring your bring your, um, container. Next time you're full container, Um,
Nurse: will be in touch. I'm sure within the next sometime next week. Either Boston or Alexandra.
Nurse: I'm not that important enough person to make those kinds of decisions just quite yet, so I just Well, thank you. Uh, I did for you too,
Nurse: to people that have been doing this for a long time. And Alexander has been managing diabetes. Had her own practice before this. So
Nurse: she's She's a nurse practitioner, so she's worked with that
Nurse: for a while, so
Nurse: yeah, way after advice.
Nurse: Enjoy your vacation to, um Do you need anything else for me before I walk you out? You know, you need the restroom. Me know. Okay.
Nurse: All right. Let's go ahead. And so is the first way. Okay.
Nurse: Forget
Nurse: are
Nurse: very important.
Nurse: Very
Nurse: thanks for coming in.
Nurse: This's that has now concluded the local time is 9:56 a.m.
