nurse: Now we're going to start today's grade study visit. Today is Friday December 8th 2017 at the current local time is 9:02 in the morning. My name is Andrea and I am the clinical research project manager at grade study site 270, I am
nurse: with the great study participant with the ID number to 2700287
nurse: And he has given permission to have this visit recorded.
nurse: This is an annual visit 12 months and there are no other persons with this participant in this exam room, except. Dr. Wodicka Papa Suey and myself.
nurse: So, how are you this morning? Pretty well. Thank you so much for participating to our study. This is really important and
nurse: We are so grateful because we couldn't do any of these important studies without you. We are clearly going to learn
nurse: a lot of important information about treating diabetes and having partners that you like you make this possible. Now let's see here so
nurse: I see that your weight came down
nurse: That's remarkable
nurse: Wow, so, what did you do something specific? I mean you are coming down steadily in fact
patient: I've been working on something called ketogenic diet, which high-fat moderate protein and little to no carbohydrate
nurse: Yeah, I'm familiar with it. But but yeah, so that's what you've been doing. And ever since you started grade you engaged in this study?
nurse: Because you started losing weight.
patient: Before that. Other doctors have told me I needed to lose weight.
patient: Sort of fluctuated and then just the last six months or so, I've
nurse: How do you tolerate it?
patient: quite well, I enjoy it
patient: There is not a whole lot I can't eat on the diet.
patient: As long as I don't go overboard on the carbohydrates I eat just fine.
nurse: and you plan to keep this diet for. For the forseeable future, I still have a ways to go
nurse: If you calculate here you lost approximately 16 kg since you started. You also had some significant health challenges
patient: Yes. I had open heart surgery in August.
nurse: That's right. And that was probably a matter.
patient: I think it might have been. I think there was some fluid build up.
nurse: And what other surgery did you have a bypass surgery?
patient: No, it was I had an aortic aneurysm and a bicuspid aortic valve. So valve replacement
nurse: You know a hospital. Because I was one of the attending rotating on your case when you went in our inpatient service. Right, now I remember. All right, so do you tolerate the
nurse: Not quite well, right.
patient: I don't have any problems with that.
nurse: And then you take clonidine right? And then you take still 60 units? 40.
nurse: so you've been down
patient: 40 since my last visit here I believe. And when you're checking in the morning
nurse: Type of ratings do you get?
patient: As of this morning. Pretty nice.
patient: No low blood sugars at all right? No, haven't had any low blood sugars
nurse: The lowest that they can see here it's about 84 and goes all the way around 120
nurse: Okay, with some exceptions but in general. It's pretty good. Very very good. And clearly no lows even later during the day, right? Right.
nurse: So you feel much better now?
nurse: Anything at all bothering you?
nurse: No chest pain, no shortness of breath, no abdominal pain, nausea and diarrhea and vomiting.
patient: Last low one was late August. And how low was it? 76.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: So, let's see here. And the rest of the medications I suspect that's the motrin. It's just when needed right or do you still take the motrin?
patient: Yeah, that's that's as needed. So approximately how often would you take it? Only if I get a headache. Yeah, very rare.
patient: Tylenol the same thing. I don't take tylenol at all anymore.
nurse: You take 20mg daily right? Aspirin 325
nurse: and some probiotics I see here some magnesium. Keppra you still take
patient: I am off Keppra. And I am off the metoprolol.
nurse: And what was the reason for Keppra?
patient: I'd had a stroke and minor seizures about 2 weeks after my surgery. A clot in the ear and it broke loose and caused a stroke and mild seizures so they put me on the Keppra just to be safe
patient: I saw a neurologist at the end of October and she said it was safe to stop taking it.
nurse: Magnesium you still take right?
nurse: And some vitamins here. Vitamin B complex.
nurse: questions, concerns
nurse: No. Everything is fine.
nurse: Then I should let you continue the blah blah drawing. Okay. Just finished to note here. We are here if you do have any questions I think that you are doing.
nurse: great. We hope that A1c will show that but your A1c has been pretty much in range now since last June and we're very pleased with this additional weight loss I expect that should be fine
nurse: very good
nurse: If you want you can.
nurse: Only about a 10 minute drive for me.
nurse: Do I need to go and sign anything? Not today we're all good. Thank you so much. Thank you for everything.
nurse: Anyway, have a wonderful holiday season, okay? Take care.
nurse: Bye.
nurse: I think it was a great
nurse: The right amount of you know, theoretical presentations by the doctor doctor.
nurse: Vitamin B12 which is something that we keep an eye on for you. It's a service.
nurse: and
nurse: That was really interesting. And then we had a presentation on nutrition.
nurse: And I'm really proud of everybody because a lot of people asked some really good questions
nurse: You're such a role model you have such a good attitude. I know you've been through so much.
patient: Never saw the point of that cuz I am not going to change anything.
nurse: Did you check your blood sugar this morning? And what was it?
patient: 110
nurse: And so you're back at work, your life is back to normal pretty much and I saw that you are receiving physical therapy now. Do you feel like this is helping you?
patient: I just started.
nurse: So what are your symptoms that are?
patient: the main symptom is
patient: I can see which hot and cold I can feel certains kinds of
patient: I can distinguish between sharp and dull but fine motor control I have no sensation
nurse: So does that mean sometimes so tying shoe laces
patient: tying shoe laces is difficult. If I were to reach into the box of
patient: to grab music
nurse: I see, interesting, and are you
nurse: Left handed or right handed? So then that's actually a blessing, it's not the end of the world but it would be nice to not have that.
patient: I'm out sometimes when I take my blood sugar morning and evening.
patient: It has it ups and downs. One one hand you know I can't tell if I've got something in my hand but on the other hand I don't feel it when I poke my fingers sometimes so you know there's an upside and a downside
patient: Felt like something was wrong and I felt like my hand was weak.
nurse: I'm I'm actually sorry to interrupt but I realize I have to run to the lab and please don't move.
nurse: Although on the other hand you can move but I will be right.
nurse: Sorry about that.
nurse: I am going to get you some water now.
nurse: I have the glucose drink for you. Would you have preferred orange? This is the lime. Okay I prefer lime too. The orange last year tasted like flat soda.
nurse: Do you want to sit for this or do you want to
nurse: All right, and you can actually you don't need to be super careful anymore.
nurse: Once you stop drinking you have exactly five minutes to finish it. It won't take you that long. So that's
nurse: 922, here you go.
patient: They told me last year that there's no prize for finishing this quickly. I said yes there is, I don't have to drink it anymore.
nurse: All right. Don't oour it into the sink I need.
nurse: value. I'll be right back
nurse: You okay? Yeah. Okay.
patient: I would agree with that.
nurse: And then I too have quite a few questions for you. The other thing we'll do today is I will look at your feet. We'll do that once a year.
nurse: Surveys for you to complete, right?
nurse: And then I'll let you know. So you started at 9:22 to drink this.
nurse: and so
nurse: the whole test today will be done at 11:22
nurse: So, your next draw
nurse: will be 47
nurse: 52 22 52 so
nurse: 9:47 is the next draw.
nurse: 9:52 then 10:22, 10:52 and 11:22.
nurse: So first of all, there's some bureaucracy that I'd like to get out of the way and then I'll make copies of this for you. Only one of these two forms concerns you.
nurse: but both forms need to be signed because that is paperwork in the context of research. You can put
nurse: If your feet if you're comfortable by all means stay like that, but if you you know, I will do the foot exam later. So there's still some time. So just want to make sure that you're not cool with this room tends to be really cold.
nurse: Okay you let me know and I can work on that. Okay, so some patients are in several
nurse: Research studies. We discourage that with the grade study.
nurse: But there are some studies that wouldn't be a deal-breaker. And if you were in, you know, six other studies you might be making a lot of money. We will be giving you $100 per year. Just simply for being in the grade study as a token of our appreciation and then we'll give you another 25
nurse: dollars because we are slapping that other survey on you that is a little longer. And so that is our appreciation for that. And so that means as soon as you
nurse: are earning more than $100 over $100 per year. We will need to ask for your social security number and then there's a certain way and this paragraph explains that how we protect it, in other words when you write it on that paper form, and I know a couple of days from today.
nurse: Payment is completed, life is good. I'll take a sharpie and scribble over it and it's gone from the paper form and then we redact it from our electronic form.
nurse: And so that is how we protect your social security number and we can't reach it after that. Once we submit it to the university and the university only holds on to it for the year until they know he didn't make it. He didn't make that much money.
nurse: But if you did then it would be important that the university has it and so that's why. So that's what this paragraph says. And then the next page gives you our contact information again that is always on these forms, and I need you to confirm that I told you that.
nurse: By printing your name signing your name, today's date and your date of birth.
nurse: And that is number one. I'll complete the rest and then I'll make a copy for you for your records.
nurse: This next form
nurse: has no implications for you. You'll remember we are looking at 4 different
nurse: medications to see if any one is any form or fashion better than any of the other ones and as of today, we don't know that.
nurse: And we told you when you first came on board if we ever learn anything new about any of the medications we'll always let you know and so there are no findings for these 2
nurse: and the sitagliptin and you're not on either of them, obviously you are on the glargine lantus, but because this is an addendum to the original consent form. You also need to sign it so that your paperwork is current.
nurse: And so I won't spend a whole lot of time telling you the details. This is where they talk about the new finding for the sitagliptin
nurse: and then this is where they talk about the new findings for the liraglutide and it's not all bad in fact the liraglutide has a heart protective property. So that is kind of nice then on the next page is
nurse: The general information about both of these medications and then at the bottom here and over to the next page. There's just a reminder for you that you are in the
nurse: Proceed with the grade study. We will make recommendations based on what we think is in your best interest. Ultimately you get to decide you know, yeah, I agree or no, I don't because of this or that and we have an open conversation and you know, we provide the care and that that we all agree, right?
nurse: the first and first first and foremost
nurse: And then this is our oversight agency the institutional review board. So if you ever have
nurse: Any concerns or if you have questions above and beyond the grade study, this is where you can turn and make sure we do what we're supposed to do and then again, this is our contact information. And once again, I need you to print sign today's date and your date of birth.
nurse: It's already December. How did that happen?
nurse: I'll go along with that.
nurse: Pretty diligent taking your medications? You never miss a dosage?
patient: Every now and then but not very often. Once a month at most. Did you miss anything in the past two weeks?
nurse: And then since we saw you in September, that was the visit
nurse: we had a long conversation and kind of caught up on things. But since September you've been doing pretty well. No emergency room visits, no Urgent Care, no car accidents where you were the driver.
nurse: Good. And so we just make sure.
nurse: How can this be so wonderfully relaxed? That's really great. Good and so now that you've been sitting
nurse: a little bit of a low side 107 / 61 I can write that down for you or you're already on top of that.
patient: I can tell you that's pretty normal.
nurse: All right.
nurse: That's even below 100. Okay.
patient: I'm not worried
nurse: No, okay, one more time and then it's time for your 15
nurse: I said I told you 47 but it's really 37. I just can't add up 15 plus.
nurse: Okay 97/65 and like you said that is pretty normal for you.
nurse: and I'm going to take
nurse: so we're just going to
nurse: We're just going to put a pillow under your arm.
nurse: So you saw that I put some liquid, clear liquid
nurse: in your tube and that is to keep it clean.
nurse: Yeah. Okay. You know what.
nurse: That is why I have the small.
patient: I'll be right here.
nurse: Take a look at your feet since they are
nurse: What would help me the most is if you sit right here and let your legs dangle, you're not allowed to help me, and I'll just do what I need to do.
nurse: So, you know nothing about the foot exam hurts.
nurse: And this here looks a little bit like a needle, but it's a fishing.
nurse: Fly fishing line and you've you've been there done that already. So this isn't new to you.
nurse: Are you comfortable like that?
nurse: Just gonna take a look and
nurse: just kind of
nurse: feel for callus which is really not
nurse: in between your toes for athlete's foot and I don't see any.
nurse: And your toenails look
nurse: good too. The
nurse: Nails could use some clipping, but other than that nothing.
nurse: I would just put some lotion on it after you take a shower.
nurse: You don't have any have you had any knee surgery?
nurse: Does that sound normal? Yeah. Yeah.
nurse: This is a tuning fork.
nurse: Vibrates when I you know.
nurse: And it's supposed to be kind of.
nurse: you feel it cool on your feet
nurse: So when I just touch your toe without it vibrating
nurse: Then this is what it feels like right? No vibration.
nurse: When it's vibrates, it feels like this and you can feel it. Most people can feel it on their big toe and but you'll feel it longer on your hands than you feel it on your big toe. And so I'm going
nurse: to make your I'm going to make this vibrate and touch your big toe and then you let me know if you feel it or not. And then when the vibration stops you just feel the touch but no vibration anymore.
nurse: Can you feel the vibration?
nurse: And so last but not least I'm going to poke your big toe.
nurse: And so I need you to close your eyes for that when the time comes and then say yes, each time you feel the
nurse: Yeah, right. All right. Are you ready?
patient: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
patient: Yes. Yes. Yes.
patient: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
nurse: I don't find anything wrong from the things that we're looking at.
nurse: I think your feet are beautiful. I would just put a little more lotion.
nurse: On the heels to keep them as healthy as
nurse: they are now so that the callus does
nurse: sit down and put your shoes back on if you want
nurse: We have just about 2 minutes until your next blood draw.
nurse: I need to write that down here. And you were fasting
nurse: so these are your copies to take home and you can also we can put this together and then
nurse: Before you leave I will get your medications and your needles and lancets and test strips. I'm starting a little pipe here for you.
nurse: Alright let's get that next level out of the way.
nurse: Do you have games on your phone?
nurse: for later? I have some surverys for you but I don't think I can keep you
nurse: So that you can start completing some of the surveys so that you don't have to turn around and hurt your back.
nurse: The first thing this is what I mentioned to you about the social security number.
nurse: We do need to ask for it and you only need to complete.
nurse: the top so I can give you your honorarium for coming here and plus this for
nurse: the moment I just want you to complete these 4 pages or complete those first
nurse: And with this what they need is to fill the bubbles kind of like this so that this can be read by a computer. So no
nurse: marks or excess but fill in the bubbles.
nurse: and I'll leave a few pens because some work better the
nurse: nicest for this purpose. And I'll be back in just a few minutes.
patient: All is well? Well no my left hearing aid just decided to stop working and I don't know why.
nurse: I guess my first thought is going towards batteries, but you would probably have thought that first.
patient: I swapped the batteries between two and right one still works, left one doesn't. I'll have to get in touch with
patient: Speaking on this side then. It's off balance it's strange. When only one is working.
nurse: That would be uncomfortable. It's irritating a little bit right?
patient: Odd. I don't know I'll have to get in touch with the clinic
patient: I got my hearing aids through the university so. It's an easy fix I just have to get there
nurse: It's nice when everything works well, and when it doesn't it really makes a difference. Story of your life.
nurse: But a lot of things are going right too. A lot of things are going right it's just that new batteries in my hearing aids and the left one decides
patient: Okay. I'm done for the day. Okay well I can't argue with it now but I'm gonna give it a stern talking to.
patient: And if that doesn't work, I'll take it down to the doctor and he'll give her an even sterner talking to and trying to replace it.
nurse: That's an existential threat.
patient: Fine we'll just replace you. Wonderful thing called a warranty
nurse: So diet. What is easy? What is difficult? Are you paying attention to a low carbohydrate diet lost you so much weight and you mentioned you are on a special diet. So what does a typical meal look like?
patient: Good question. Usually
patient: protein. My mother might do something to it.
patient: hamburgers or chicken, nothing special done to it
nurse: Do you enjoy fish? I'm just curious.
patient: Not usually my first choice, but I'll eat it from time to time.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: Complete change of subject and then I'll get back to the diet and exercise topic. Since today is your first anniversary. Happy birthday.
nurse: You get a present. This is a pedometer. I don't know if you have one on your phone or
nurse: anything like that. So this would measure steps and it also if you push the mode button gives you mileage and that kind of stuff. So that's that and I
nurse: be very curious how much you make. This is a flashlight, it's really strong and nice. Right now the battery is protected. So I can't really display but it's really nice and a cooler lunch bag in case you're traveling with your insulin.
nurse: Although don't travel for hours at a time because it will just be keeping it cool.
nurse: For a little while. So that might come in handy for other purposes and you get to pick one.
nurse: All right very good. Good choice. I'll take this back.
nurse: So I'll just give you the rest of the surveys the whole pile the last few pages of the pages that are new, the other $25 that I mentioned.
nurse: And so, you know, this is for you for the next hour take your time, but on the other hand, you don't need to think too much about each question. If you have any, if you get stuck anywhere just keep
nurse: going and then I'll be in and out, but we can then go back and
nurse: I'll talk about it. But for the most part just use your best judgement.
nurse: Do you drink alcohol at all?
patient: Some. Not very much. Occasionally. And have you ever in your life smoked?
patient: Not really.
nurse: And do you take your metformin 2 in the morning 2 in the evenings with meals?
nurse: Not with meals but you take them in 2? Morning and night. Do you have any problems with diarrhea?
nurse: And I'm sorry, this is the last time I'm interrupting. You said earlier how many units of glargine do you?
nurse: Currently 40. That's what I read. And that's been like that for a while. Since our last visit.
nurse: Because when you're ready when you need to use the bathroom, we need to collect some urine and so if you need to go I don't want to make you wait, but
nurse: It's not urgent whenever you feel like it. When you go the bathroom is by the scale and there's a table where you can leave your urine.
nurse: Time for the next one.
nurse: Okay and then one more
nurse: And then when we're done. Would you like a cup of
nurse: Can I do something anything good like
patient: Granola bar? No actually I'm gonna go up the road to mass after this.
patient: I'll be quite happy there.
nurse: on a Friday
patient: Today is December 8th. It is the celebration of the Immaculate Conception of Mary.
nurse: And your church is up the road? Church of Christ the King
patient: The Catholic church right up the road.
nurse: Alright we are in really good shape. Yeah so when I come next time I'll take out the needle. You ready? Okay let's walk together.
nurse: Follow me.
nurse: The comeback
nurse: So I just wanted to show you. We usually give you two bottles of Metformin with 200 pills and each right now they don't have these
nurse: pill bottles they have the smaller bottles with 100 pills in each. It's otherwise the same so I'll give you four smaller one instead of two larger ones and then
nurse: needles, lancets. Lancets I think I'll need another box of.
nurse: Check mine twice a day. Then you need another box of these too right? Probably.
nurse: did you bring your
nurse: And you showed us your phone. So this is for you
nurse: That's great. And then this is for your
nurse: And the paperwork. Not to forget.
nurse: When you frame it and hang it up somewhere.
nurse: Your next visit with us. So this is the visit schedule and the
nurse: first column tells us the target date and then this is the windows, so the window's pretty generous. But the target date is the middle of March so should we look at the
nurse: beginning of March for you? And what time of the day is best?
patient: Any time after 9:30. That's fine with me too. How about
nurse: Friday March 9th at
nurse: And that is going to be a rather quick visit and no fasting needed. Would you also like a card for a reminder?
nurse: Alright when I come back next time we'll
nurse: Pull out the needle and then that'll be that and I'll send you home.
nurse: Let me just ask you Peter when you came this morning, did you have any questions that you didn't want to forget to ask me?
nurse: All is well, all seems to be really well, and I'm so glad and you know, you know our number and
nurse: email in case you ever have any questions and I will
nurse: I expect the results back Tuesday or Wednesday. So I'll email you.
nurse: Okay, last but not least.
nurse: I think I started to ask you but I didn't ever ask is physical activity, sports. I know you are getting
nurse: physical
nurse: Physical therapy for your numbness but are you doing any sports?
patient: No sports, I have started exercising about half an hour a day.
nurse: Everyday?
patient: Well Wednesday, Thursday, and today. As a result of the physical therapy. Keep up the good work. That's the plan.
nurse: Do you want me to draw Christmas tree? That's alright.
nurse: Wipe this.
nurse: Yeah, I am already. I feel like I want to already apologize for pulling your hair. But you know what people pay a lot.
patient: No, not funny. No. Painful.
patient: Well. Wax jobs don't usually involve this much hair.
patient: Not the kind of thing I'd go for anyway. No. You don't think it's important?
patient: I'm kind of fond of hair
patient: keeps me warm in the winter
nurse: Although the sun has melted all the snow.
nurse: It'll come back and sooner than we
nurse: Weekend is okay.
nurse: I just leave what's the word I just re-established the contract with my snowmobile so I'm all set
nurse: Okay, brace yourself.
nurse: Keep breathing. You okay?
nurse: And that concludes our
nurse: visit but if you can think of any other questions for me
nurse: I am all ears. Okay we got your next visit scheduled and I can't believe I'm saying this but happy holidays. Are you going to be able to enjoy them and do something special?
patient: Sing in my church.
patient: Choir. Okay, I'm singing in my church choir too. Little over two weeks til Christmas. We have two rehearsals between now and Christmas.
nurse: Okay, you'll be fine.
nurse: Good to see you, was a pleasure this morning. And again, I'll get in touch with you when the results come in. Have a wonderful day.
nurse: No, no.
nurse: The visit is complete. The current local time is 11:28
nurse: in the morning.
