nurse: Start today's grade study visit.
nurse: Today is December 21, 2017 and the current local time is
nurse: 9:40 in the morning. My name is Evelyn and I am to study coordinator for the grade study site 040. I'm with the grade study participant with the ID number 0 4 0 0 3 3 5 and he has given permission to have this visit recorded.
nurse: There are no other persons coming with this participant in the exam room. This is
nurse: annual visit number 12.
nurse: So I'm going to go get our nurse Lisa to get your IV started here and then I'll go get your glucose drink afterwards. Okay?
nurse: Do you have an arm that's better than the other?
nurse: Got some good veins? Oh yeah you do. Good veins.
nurse: We're drawing here.
nurse: the IVs and we're going to do the fasting samples first and there the cholesterol kidney liver panel A1C so
nurse: Where they usually go this one?
nurse: Well, still.
nurse: I don't mind.
nurse: But it's probably going to be the worst later, sorry.
patient: We had a three year old daughter, passed away Samantha passed away
patient: We had her down in Florida and we had to rush her over to the Miami hospital and they couldn't find a vein. Her wrists. You ever seen that done?
nurse: I've never seen it, but I've heard it but I don't think they do that as much.
patient: For some reason this tube is.
patient: Okay, we're working.
nurse: Hold it.
nurse: Yeah that's what I said.
nurse: How I get my jollies. The secret comes out. Okay it's gonna be 1005
nurse: 1005 before she comes back.
nurse: I got to figure out time points here just a second.
nurse: Cuz we're going to be drawing every 15-30 minutes here. I'm gonna actually give you this drink to consume in 3 minutes and then it's pretty timed test.
nurse: So the idea behind the test is that this is kind of equivalent to like a meal. So that's why I asked you to come and fasting cuz it's a lot of sugar and so it's
nurse: It shows how it breaks down in your body and the two hours a week with each no blood test 15 minute 30 60 90 120. So it shows how the food
nurse: Breaks down in your body how the sugars break down so we do this like every other year though, so you're not going to have this particular test done until your third year was it so next year's annual visit will only have fasting
nurse: Samples, but it's just a one stick.
nurse: but yeah, the last year was a baseline so it didn't really
nurse: Count it was like a baseline visit. So this is year one. It's a one year after you starting your second medication. So it gives a picture of how it compares to before.
nurse: So that's the idea behind that. So I've actually made the mistake drinking this during lunch. Don't do that. bouncing off the walls and then I crash so hard. Polly and I.
nurse: She and I were like were like going through our supplies are like, okay, so some of these drinks are close to expiring we have to go get rid of him. She goes. Hey, why don't we open each one or one of each and just taste it because we have no idea what to tell these patients whenever they ask is what does it taste like
nurse: So I was like yeah good idea. Polly was smart, she only gets like a little tiny little cup and just a sip and she gives me the rest
nurse: And I'm like dingbat over here like eating my lunch sipping on it like a soda. And then she goes.
nurse: Did you finish it? I go
nurse: Yeah. And she goes. Why?
nurse: Because I'm stupid. So yeah, there's a reason why you know, it's just one of those.
nurse: things where it's really sweet, but if you're someone who isn't used to
nurse: Having sweet drinks. It's overly sweet, but it's almost like a flat soda for me. You know, I feel like the orange is stronger after taste than lemon lime the lemon-lime you don't really notice but anyway within five minutes, just have to drink it one time.
nurse: Yeah, that's why it's really
nurse: important to like to be fasting for it because that's going to shoot up your blood sugars pretty high. So it's like if you don't have any thing else you can really really damage yourself.
nurse: Take it from me. So drink up. So trust me when I say from personal experience
nurse: It is really good to be fasting for drinking that. At least now I can say I like hey.
nurse: in God's prayer.
nurse: Alright let me go and. How is Paul? You hear from her? Yeah every once and a while. She's still back home or she went back home. She still in New Hampshire. And so she's yeah, I think she's having a blast. I mean like she's been traveling a lot to see and so yeah.
nurse: I got it a visit
nurse: A couple months ago. She just popped in the clinic just to kind of say hi she was in town for a little bit.
nurse: It's been nice.
nurse: But I mean, I know I haven't done any of your visits before but I've been in the study since the beginning you probably heard of me or probably heard her talking about me, but I was like thinking I don't know if Joe's actually met me yet.
nurse: But I've been in the background so I've known all the patients that's she's seeing. Just there's a lot. So I'll probably be
nurse: Moving forward doing your visits and I'm gonna try to get additional help. We're down a person right now. You probably saw Lisa last time you're here. So she's not here anymore. You probably saw Yashin as well.
nurse: at one point after Polly left, so
nurse: I was just going to give these to you. Yeah.
nurse: This is Ashley. She's our research assistant. She'll be. You'll be seeing her here in a bit to do the other assessments.
nurse: team
nurse: You get to see everybody today. I think we've still got like about two and a half minutes or so but you're good.
nurse: It is I know.
patient: My granddaughter looks just like Samantha. Same personality. But you can't get her to drink a soft drink. It's too sweet for her.
nurse: Okay so it looks like our last blood drawn we get the IV out will be close to noon be like 11:50. So we're going to try to do as much as we can. Ashley and myself will be doing stuff in between cuz we got like 30 15 minute increments, you know, wait
nurse: between blood draws. So we'll probably get you out of here not too long after the IV is taken out of you. Dr. Hollander will be popping in here probably around the time that you're done with the blood draws to just say hi see how you're doing see if you have any concerns. I'll be a good time to
nurse: ask her stuff and
nurse: Ashley will be back in here. Like I said, she'll be doing blood pressure, weight, and a foot exam and she will probably collect your urine sample later today. No rush on that.
nurse: Just whenever you are ready.
nurse: And then I'll go work on your bag of supplies.
nurse: Yeah, a bag of goodies. I that's going to take me probably the longest out of anything. So I usually
nurse: Start that pretty early. You know I bring back the boxes that the stuff comes in. You want me to do that? We have those little ID numbers stickers on the boxes, that's how we keep track of what we give you.
nurse: Okay. Alright. And you?
nurse: Test strips. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, it's best to just like just dump everything back in the bag. We'll take care of it.
nurse: You haven't had any like changes to anything. You haven't had any like hospitalizations, ER visits, or surgeries, procedures, new diagnosis, cancer, pancreatitis, kidney liver disease.
nurse: No steroid shots or pills for anything in the last 3 months for any like illnesses or that kind of thing.
nurse: No. Not a steroid. But yeah that's good though. We had to get all of ours too here. So no heart attack or stroke.
nurse: Motor vehicle accidents in which you were the driver. No.
nurse: Other adverse events. Been a pretty good quarter?
nurse: and how often do you drink alcohol if any? Never, occasionally
nurse: weekly, daily. Weekly.
nurse: Have you ever been a smoker or current smoker? 50 years ago in my twenties.
patient: College.
nurse: How many years do you think you were smoker? And it was 50 years ago you said? And how many?
nurse: cigarettes a day or how many I'm sorry. How many packs a day? A half a pack?
nurse: Less than half a pack would be like 10 1/2 pack to a pack would be 10 to 20.
nurse: You're not currently like smoking cigars or pipes or any
nurse: None in the last 30 days.
nurse: and have you missed any doses of your metformin
nurse: in the last 2 weeks? You're taking the regular, right?
patient: Let me let me think.
patient: First time ever.
patient: I think I took it. Yeah I missed it. An evening, one evening.
nurse: Was it in the last 2 weeks? It was? Okay. But pretty rare though otherwise?
nurse: And what about the Lantus have you missed any doses of that in the last 2 weeks? Said you're still on 30 units.
nurse: Oh it doesn't ask that question. Never mind.
nurse: And you check your blood sugars everyday or on average every day
patient: Twice a day. Morning and night. Before breakfast and
nurse: And how many times in the last week have you felt like your blood sugars may have been too high or too low that you felt like unwell? And how many doctors visits have you had in the last 3 months?
patient: I think one. My annual.
nurse: Have you been sick or had to like miss work or anything due to illnesses at all?
nurse: It sounds like you got it under a really good control. So I mean, that's good, doing really really
nurse: I set my alarms for the time points if you hear some beeping, that's probably me.
nurse: I would so lose track and forget to look at the clock and to come back here to do the blood draws if I didn't have this handy-dandy alarm.
nurse: 30, 1020
nurse: Actually going to be kind of double-booked later. So I'll be disappearing for a bit later.
nurse: Part of the visit I'll be next door. Like I said we're short one person so we're a little bit
nurse: booked here for the next month, but that's okay. We get it done. That's kind of what happened this morning too so I apologize people overlapping here.
nurse: I said that's okay I
nurse: Well you made accommodations for me today so. I definitely don't I definitely don't mind. I mean like you bend to y'all not the other way around
nurse: You know, just the way it goes sometimes. You know what's funny though?
nurse: It's really ironic because the lady that is coming here overlapping with your visit later this morning. She had forgotten her visit too last week. And so
nurse: it was funny because you both missed last week. Ya'll ended up on the
nurse: same day. That's my luck right now. We have the same person setting our appointment?
nurse: No, cuz like you guys had to come on different days, but then had to reschedule. I talked to both of you guys I didn't have a choice but to reschedule you guys on the same day cuz we didn't have room
nurse: on the schedule for. We would have had to push it out and I was like well you guys are gonna run out of meds I'd hate for ya'll to run out of meds, especially during the holidays.
nurse: C'est la vie.
nurse: So they're going to pop in here in like 2 minutes.
nurse: Hello.
nurse: Like I saw you finish it, but then I forgot.
nurse: So we are going to be back here to do the next drawing like a minute and a half make sure she has everything she needs.
nurse: Just ignore me. This is normal.
patient: Hurts?
nurse: Oh, does it feel cool?
patient: Now you got to go see how jazzed-up I am.
nurse: I had to take the serum out of it. And then it gets sent to our lab so the're the ones who look at it, I just prepare it for them. So Evelyn should be right back, be right back to get
patient: some more blood in about 15 minutes.
nurse: So here are some questionnaires for you to fill out while you're sitting around just having a grand old time here, right?
nurse: so most of them
nurse: are pretty much like standard you can do a check mark or an X in the boxes, but just be careful on just this very last one. You got to fill in the little bubbles on the very last
nurse: That's about it. Be back here in another 15 minutes.
nurse: Check, or?
nurse: Whichever you prefer, a check or an X.
patient: I'm in the middle of taking a test now.
nurse: Well after this then it spreads out to 30 minutes. We're giving you a little break for your test.
nurse: pretty sure those there's no right or wrong answer actually, so
nurse: Well you make me worry every time. Is it cold? Yeah, little bit.
nurse: Not right now. No, I'm good.
patient: Yes, 30 minutes.
nurse: Yeah, we might come in or I might come in.
nurse: To get your blood pressure and stuff like that.
nurse: Hey sir hello how are you? I wanted to come in and say thank you for hanging in with us on the study.
nurse: Well and we are so appreciative and I think this is helpful for people but I realize it does take more time and we tend to maybe harass you a bit
nurse: With diabetes it's challenging, so I think sometimes like being in these studies really give people more support sometimes not as regular doctor doesn't
nurse: Do that too, but. Right. And they don't have these people all these people to help. I mean they have their staff and stuff. But all they do is do this study.
patient: Now you're off into the abyss here.
nurse: Well that is true. Again, the good thing nowadays about diabetes though
nurse: We do know that if people keep with it they should have no problems. Or if they do very minimal.
nurse: No, it's it's really over the past 30 years. We've been able to establish, you know, really improve our treatments for diabetes and some of them from some of these big NIH studies like the one you're in now, we've learned
nurse: It was an NIH study back started in the 80s that absolutely confirmed the idea that sugar was the key.
nurse: Before that it was controversial there was like oh. Maybe it wasn't that abnormal sugar maybe it was some toxin or something that used to cause all the problems but no.
nurse: as you say we did a big study with patients who were willing to be randomized into different groups when running higher and when running lower
patient: It's not the sugar you take in. No, it's in your blood. I mean, you know if you don't have enough medicine.
nurse: Or insulin to take the sugar out of your blood and put it in your cells.
nurse: Then it goes high levels and that damages the lining of your blood vessels and particularly likes the eyes and the kidney and the feet but also diabetes we know on controlled diabetes it can be increased risk factor for heart issues too in and stroke and.
nurse: And if the sugar is high in your blood it's high in your kind of whole body and so the kind of daily environment of your tissues.
nurse: You know this extra sugar they're not really appreciative that I mean, so just on a daily basis it kind of the better sugar kind of keeps your internal environment better.
nurse: if that makes any sense, and that is really helpful for like your immune system and
nurse: all sorts of things that tend to function better
patient: but the having that really
nurse: isn't something that because I was never a sweet person. No that has nothing to do with it. If you didn't have the genes or the propensity you could eat all the sweets you want. Now you might gain weight, but it's not going to raise your sugar.
nurse: If the insulin cells are functioning normally they can handle a tremendous amount of sugar.
patient: Is there a fix on the horizon?
nurse: Well actually possible I don't know.
nurse: You know again, we think type 2 is genetic even if most people have a family history of them not everyone. I forget your family history of any. My cousin. My mother's sister's daughter. That's kind of remote.
patient: Was diagnosed with type 1.
nurse: Really doesn't have a major family history of type 2. Now could you have several generations to go and the gene kind of went subterranean and.
nurse: Decided. Decided oh, I'm going to pop out this gentleman.
nurse: I know I know it's kind of like why me, but
nurse: But again. We would hope that this would have little effect on your you know health in terms of morbidity or mortality.
nurse: No you do. That's a great statement you've got to embrace the diabetes. You don't look at it as an enemy. Well in a sense you do, but I mean you look at it as something okay it is what it is I can deal with this right. And the diet really is
nurse: a healthy diet really, again the main thing is, you know to avoid simple sugars is best when can and to just try to eat a reasonable amount of carbs. I mean, that's I know that's simplifying it a lot.
nurse: But that's what it is.
nurse: Bought a Nutrisystem program with diabetic. That's easy I mean you just have to
patient: do what it says. But they send you
nurse: I know, we humans sometimes, oh I know, I don't know. I don't know anyway. I mean you do but you have to embrace it you have to embrace it
nurse: And just make it kind of part of you, you know, and as I was saying the diet really is not that. It's easy and the sweets part I think you know but it's a healthy, it's maybe what most people should be doing, even if they don't have diabetes and you know avoiding calories, sweets give you a lot.
nurse: of calories. You know that doesn't mean you can't ever have a cookie or anything like you I mean certainly but yeah
nurse: You know, it's just in sometimes when people get to the point where they may have to start taking some short-acting insulin at meals which often when they get to that point when can adjust that. Sometimes you can actually
nurse: Fail your diet a little bit more in terms of
nurse: maybe including a few things that get to the point where you actually being your own.
nurse: And you make the decision. We got some people. You're certainly giving me the tools to be able to do it. That's good because that's what you need. You have to be as you say embrace it understand it, you are the person on the front line.
nurse: Our best thing is to you know, try to help you and and we do
nurse: You know people do learn a lot and I have patients who end up in the hospital and sometimes the way the hospital approaches sugar is not always the best.
nurse: You Know it's tricky because they don't want to give people they want to make sure they don't give people too much insulin so they're going to get low so unfortunately then sometimes they don't give people enough
nurse: Some of our patients take quite a bit. You know really big we have some big heavy I'm talking about people from the clinic now, and I've had people call me from the hospital and say doctor Holland they're not giving me enough insulin.
nurse: although that's tricky because I'm not I mean it could be like Presbyterian or it could be
nurse: And it's really hard because I think anyone who gets to 400 pounds probably has some sort of busy.
nurse: Metabolic defect because it's hard to get to 400lb most of these people, some of the are big
nurse: eaters but not all. Well, some of them are but some of them aren't. But then what is driving them to eat just tons like that do you see what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a tough yeah.
nurse: Well listen, thank you so much. And we really appreciate it and I wish you a merry holiday.
nurse: How many people do you have in here each time? Right now.
patient: Stop the.
nurse: Well different visits do different things so we have people on different. So normally 2 to 3.
nurse: Luckily we normally only do one of these a day. We don't make this a. I Every once in awhile, but we really try not to. But sometimes we have to.
nurse: Okay, what 30 minutes? Yes 30 minutes.
nurse: I'm gonna get your weight and some urine. Are you able to give me a little bit of that? Head onto the restroom I'll show you where it is. The cup is right there.
nurse: Get those off you can climb up here.
nurse: Not seeing any major issues. Sores or. Okay.
nurse: So now do you remember this part? What we do I'm gonna hit it on the ground it's a little tuning fork. I'm going to put it on the bony part of your big toe. Look or close your eyes or look away. Let me know when you stop feeling the vibration.
nurse: Now, this little.
nurse: fishing line so I'm gonna touch it on the top part of your toe on the skin. Look away let me know if you can feel it touching so it's like it's a little piece of fishing line. So let me know if you can feel me touching it.
nurse: Alright. That is all. You can go ahead and put your socks and shoes back on.
patient: So when you stop feeling that that's when you start.
nurse: Yeah, we're just testing for like neuropathy basically because some people are like it feels like with the little filament. It feels like you're stabbing me with it because sometimes if it's so yeah we're just testing the.
patient: Do the covers on your bed hurt?
nurse: testing the
nurse: Overtime because the study is I mean you're going to be here for a couple more years in the study. So we're testing to see what you know happens over time.
patient: I know but
nurse: We'll wanna try to keep it under control so long as possible.
nurse: So for these can you just put your initials and the date right next to that you crossed off. So that I didn't you know they don't think that I changed the answer.
patient: I mean it's hard to. Have you felt a little down? I mean
nurse: Yeah, okay, and then going ahead and just put like 12/21/17
nurse: we all feel a little down sometimes but
nurse: exactly, you know I was like sometimes you just
nurse: It's all looking good so I will be
nurse: right back. 15 minutes.
nurse: For another lab draw. And then I'll probably grab your blood pressure at that time as well.
patient: Well thank you Scott and a merry christmas to you and yours.
nurse: All right, I'm back. Long time no see. I've been
nurse: everywhere, so apparently we need to get a blood pressure right as the only thing we're missing. So let me go do that real quick and then let me go through your bag of stuff here.
nurse: Paper towels
nurse: Whichever one that doesn't have the IV. That one has the IV right now. Yep this arm. No no no. That one is probably not gonna give us a really good reading right?
nurse: Hope says you guys are being really awesome. Thank you so much for understanding.
nurse: Looks like we're almost done here, two more drugs.
nurse: 146 over 80. That is high, yeah. And you don't take any right? You don't take blood pressure.
nurse: Yeah, or it could be the drink too, under I don't know just stressed out from being here with us right
nurse: Yeah if you can do your feet flat that'll kind of help yeah.
nurse: went down 130
nurse: I wonder if I should take it again. I may just got the first one. We'll see let's check it one more time here.
nurse: I will keep the first here. What's going on here. 143 yeah I don't know
patient: Well, I am hungry.
nurse: Since we weren't able to attend the event a couple months ago we gave these away.
nurse: Get one of these and then I got you.
nurse: Let's see what did I get you. Three more boxes of the strips and there and I got you two more boxes of the Lantus, four more bottles of
nurse: the metformin and I don't know I think I mentioned to you the company that was.
nurse: Changed but it's the same formulation it's the same metformin
nurse: Just looks a little different and they only come in these 100 tablet bottles, so I can't give you the big ones anymore. So there's that four of those and then I got you another box of the
nurse: You were good on lancets.
nurse: Don't need supply of that. And then alcohol pads down there and then a new sharps container. I don't think I forgot anything.
nurse: When's my next appointment. Oh I'll call you next week. How long do you think it will be? How long the next appointment will be? Oh It will probably be in March and it'll just be an hour visit.
patient: I used two a day so.
nurse: Oh and those I'm sorry. There's 50 in each box. So that's 150.
patient: That's almost. I go through over
nurse: Yeah, I think it should be okay.
nurse: One more dispensation.
nurse: It's 150. Yeah, you probably need one more huh. Sorry. Yeah did math wrong.
nurse: So yeah let me get you one more box.
nurse: No no no you can't. Can't reuse the lancets. So well some people do.
nurse: I don't recommend it. That's kind of ew. So yeah, I'll get you one more. 2 boxes cuz you're still on 30 you're fine. 2 will get you through and then just if you have any boxes on anything left over they're empty at home just
nurse: bring them back for next time so I can lock them out.
nurse: And yeah that was it. You do, okay. Yeah, so we'll take all those in account for next time let me go get that next box and I don't know when they're. They're coming back in like 3 minutes. So imma go get that real quick and
nurse: Getting close to being done.
nurse: Where is your daughter a nurse? Is she like in a hospital or she work in a clinic?
nurse: I used to work nights in the ER. Yeah, I worked at a psych hospital before that night and I worked nights. Night because the suits and ties are gone.
nurse: That's nice. That's nice after a while my body got tired of it.
nurse: more exciting things happen at night too
patient: Oh yeah I've had to do that a couple times.
nurse: Here's the other one over there for you here. Welcome.
nurse: And I can too. So we're in the home stretch. Before I got in the study I had a couple.
nurse: Yeah, yeah, cuz those have expiration dates on them so you have to be really really careful cuz it'll tell you if it's a bad strip it'll tell you on the meter. And it'll give you like a weird error code so that those are so sensitive like I was telling people just
nurse: be super super careful with like I mean even like touching it and taking it out of the
nurse: Little barrel, you know, I mean, it's so sensitive if you touch that part where the tests and it's temperature sensitive to so like
nurse: Leave it out in like a hot day in a car, you know, it will ruin it.
nurse: I shall ask you well I didn't get you my card yet, have I?
nurse: I'm always forgetting something. Starting to see a pattern here.
nurse: But I think I think I got you fixed up there. Just forgot that.
nurse: Merry Christmas
nurse: Last one.
nurse: Lucky you. I really don't like
nurse: doing it. I don't mind sticking people. I just hate ripping the tape off.
patient: Would it help if I told you I enjoy the pain?
nurse: Because you don't like the fact that there is pain.
patient: Nice to met you, seeing you again.
patient: Come back to get medicated off of the tape gets pulled off.
nurse: Do what I can. And this will
nurse: it's two pieces so I can't just like. I know I'm sorry
nurse: I know I am so sorry.
nurse: Sorry.
nurse: The stuff sticks to itself so there's no more. No more hair pulling.
nurse: So I apologize.
nurse: We won't see you here for like another two years.
nurse: Shave it a little bit there you go.
nurse: I'll be waxed. Have a merry christmas.
nurse: Our visit for today. Current local time is 11:51 a.m.
