nurse: Now we are going to start today's grade study visit.
nurse: Today is December 14th, 2017. And the current local time is 7:27 in the morning. My name is Angela.
nurse: And I am the study coordinator for the grade study at site 040 i am with the grade study participant with the ID number 0 4 0 0 3 2 7 and she has given permission to have this visit recorded.
nurse: There are no other person's coming in with this participant in this exam room. This is an annual visit number 12.
nurse: So we're just going to re-sign some consent forms first, okay?
nurse: Then we'll get started on the IV. So for this first one, we're just going to have you sign the main consent form. We just have to have these studies.
nurse: reviewed the institutional review board once a year and still there hasn't been any like more recent changes in the last quarter as you recall. We are still doing the vitamin B12 testing for everybody. So um
nurse: You may have already gotten your test done. But you know, you will be retested at your year for visit. Do you recall, okay?
nurse: Okay let me just check real quick. It was 343 and it was done back in June.
nurse: Normal is above 400. So it was like borderline, so just borderline. Okay, so goes normal borderline borderline low and low, so it's in a borderline category time. It's it was done.
nurse: June 29th this year. So yeah.
nurse: Recommendation be too if you'd like to start taking supplements. Go ahead and you can talk to your doctor about that.
nurse: You can get them over the counter you can prescription.
nurse: But it's something that you're not in the low category. So it's we still encouraged if you would like to start it on you can just let us know but we won't reach test that value until.
nurse: um your fourth your annual visit which a while from now. Okay so it's yuor first of annual visit.
nurse: So yeah, just let us know if you do decide.
nurse: Start taking anything like that. Just talked to your doctor. Okay, and so that's pretty much it.
nurse: And then we will just have you resend the most current one next time we make any more updates.
nurse: There are some things coming up.
nurse: If you want to go ahead and keep the same permissions for Social Security you had originally said yes to so just
patient: So if you can put a check there and have your initials.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: It's 7:31. Fill out the rest here and I would do the next one.
nurse: Yeah for this next one is for the DNA sub-study. So if you
nurse: recall when you first started we
nurse: Had collected like a bunch of samples and there's storing in a repository. You originally said yes to participating and um all of the collection and storage. So your DNA your blood your urine. Again it's to identify so it's not linked to you personally. It's um.
nurse: um you're essentially donating your
nurse: Blood to research if you want to keep it the same you can if you want to change it at any point in time you can as well. Okay. You it's not written in stone. So so
nurse: For the initial collection you had said yes before so I can write a check there and then initials and then the storage part you had originally said yes to doing the first option.
nurse: 732. And then same thing last time at the bottom.
nurse: Supposed to have them a minute apart. Can I have you?
nurse: it is it is so
nurse: lower
nurse: For the next one is for the microbiome.
nurse: Suppose you work all you've already actually completed the microbiome collection at the you know first.
nurse: First first big visit and then at actually six months ago at at that visit where we took the vitamin B12. So we have done the stool sample. So you've actually already completed it.
nurse: don'y have to have you or we don't require you to do it again for us and it plays having to study. It's just that they are still doing the testing on those samples and so obviously
nurse: All right, so you have said yes to doing it.
nurse: it's a little different so I'll have you actually initials right here
nurse: and you're gonna check there.
nurse: at 7:35
patient: alright fine
nurse: Okay, and then for this last one is for this audio recording so obviously we are um
nurse: participating in at so just a friendly reminder that you know is to be done at every single visit forward to leaving to study if at any point in time, you do want to withdraw with your permission for that that is okay to now, but I'm obviously we're
nurse: Doing it so you're keep it the same.
nurse: so if you can
nurse: initials right here on this line
nurse: It is 7:37.
nurse: We'll get all the fun stuff out of the way first.
nurse: All right. I'm going to go straight to.
nurse: See if you're eligible for the glucose test.
nurse: Is here so we can get this going on get the IV and yeah, cuz it'll be two hours from the time that they put the IV.
nurse: And so we have other like assessments that we have to do in between like we'll have questionnaires will have on your blood pressure weight, flood exam as well that will be doing.
nurse: So um you haven't had any.
nurse: Major surgeries in the last 7 days or any illnesses like flu fever vomiting and you haven't had anything to eat or drink except water in the last 8 hours and no unusual diets in the last 3 days.
nurse: And no vigorous exercise in the last 8 hours or any alcohol consumption and are you a smoker or have smoked within the last hour?
nurse: a night shift worker?
nurse: hadn't had any unusual schedules haven't had any oral steroids or injections within the last
nurse: Two weeks now and you did not take your diabetes medications this morning? K. And um let's see.
nurse: Do you happen to have your meter on you or we can check your blood sugars real quick and see where they're at. So if you want to test that.
nurse: Okay, I'll send it. We just wanna make sure it's not above 350.
nurse: Yeah, cuz we're going to be giving you that drink.
nurse: Okay. Thank you, though.
nurse: Okay, great. So you are good to go. So for your glucose drink here in a little bit. We have two flavors the orange or the lemon lime.
nurse: Which would you like?
nurse: So I'm going to have our nurse Lisa come in to start your IV, getting I'm also going to have our assistant Ashley.
nurse: she's going to be helping me with this visit. So you'll get to meet her and um. She'll be doing all the others later as well. So we're
nurse: Have the whole team in here. Let me go get her and we'll get started.
nurse: Yeah.
nurse: This is Glenda.
nurse: Yes. Yeah, so you've been in this study for a year?
nurse: Was yours like a six-month thing?
nurse: Yeah the 6-month.
nurse: Oh, well, that wasn't the sixth month.
nurse: Just the beta chew
nurse: So it's kinda like a year.
nurse: Yeah from that. Okay. Yeah, I was thinking I've been doing it.
nurse: Yeah, that was just the Baseline and then like after after that they start.
nurse: But you won't be doing this glucose test until your third year annual visits at skip the year. So next year we still have
nurse: ask you, but you just won't do that.
nurse: What she's about to do. So you won't see her next year.
nurse: I don't know. It sounds like we're going to be busy. I brought some stuff to work on.
nurse: Yeah, she have questionnaires to so are you right or left handed or right handed? Okay. Yeah, but they let me see. Do you prefer
nurse: Up here? Or where do they normally.
nurse: Okay, okay.
nurse: I'm just going to be up there? I don't mind doing it.
nurse: There's just like a straw like catheter so you can move your arm and everything.
nurse: Don't give me one.
nurse: A drop!
nurse: Okay.
nurse: Got it in now.
nurse: I know.
nurse: So we're going these red ones are the cholesterol Labs couple of these purple ones running liver and kidney enzymes. Then we're also running your A1c.
nurse: We're not doing the B12 this time.
patient: and I know I don't get the results necessarily, but if there's anything really abnormal, do they let me know or
nurse: I mean no we let you know and we give you
patient: I was going to take it to my doctor, but maybe he can access it.
nurse: Yeah, he can we upload all the labs into the medical record. It's just that he has to know where to look cuz it's not going to be in a place where he will probably think it is. So
nurse: I can email it to you. Whenever we receive it. I can holder signs off on it. I can mail you a copy that way you have that because it's been a pretty complete set of labs. So yeah I'll make note of it.
nurse: Hopefully I don't forget, okay.
nurse: I'll also call you with your lab results whenever I get them. But yeah.
nurse: 805
nurse: Okay. Okay, so here.
nurse: Play now I'm going to have you start drinking this.
nurse: Okay so the goal is to drink all of it.
nurse: 5 minutes
nurse: Yes.
nurse: I'm pretty sure I did. Just map out my timepoints.
nurse: she didn't go running out the door yet.
nurse: Is there an aftertaste?
nurse: All you can drink your water after you're done with it and it's a one-time thing. I'm not going to make you drink this again.
nurse: Oh, yeah, uh huh uh huh.
nurse: Yeah, it went okay, but you're at that time. You're not feeling so good.
nurse: pretty common
nurse: I'm so I'm going to make a copy of this for Lisa. So you want me to go to make you a copy as well. I'm just setting my time right now.
nurse: Alarm, even if I'm not going to be here.
nurse: uh huh
nurse: Uh Lisa's gone as well. So we're, um, yeah. Well uh
nurse: Still here Ashley will be here Ashley's new but yeah, but I've been here.
nurse: Since the beginning. Her name is Lisa is well the nurse haha. Yeah.
nurse: Yeah, so I'm he know you can reach out to anyone of us where we're still here. So yeah.
nurse: Or you can come, you know reach out to me for you know me questions or whatever. I'll all try to remember when I go back to my desk to give you.
nurse: my card. Okay great. In two minutes.
nurse: Oh, yeah. Hold on just a sec.
nurse: Oh oka. Sorry, I was just putting in the last one.
nurse: I'm gonna just prep these questionnaires
nurse: And you haven't had any updates to your meds or any any changes that you can think of in the last 3 months?
nurse: I'm just gonna run down the list and make sure that we do have everything correct.
nurse: I already told her what the first time point was.
nurse: All right. So I've got your losartan 25 mg once a day price bicaprolo.
nurse: HZTZ 565 once a day.
nurse: Centrum, aspirin percolace for stool softener
nurse: um, and
nurse: That's it. Other than what we're giving you does that sound.
patient: centrum. Okay, great.
nurse: Sounds good.
nurse: And you're still stable on the three mg taking, taking two in the morning one at night.
nurse: On and on the max dose of Metformin.
nurse: Can you haven't had any steroids shots are injections in the last 3 months for any illnesses?
nurse: And I haven't had any like new diagnosis like a cancer kidney liver disease any hospitalization surgeries ER visits.
nurse: Sounds good.
nurse: Really.
patient: Yes. Yes. Oh.
nurse: And how often would you say you drink?
nurse: Never occasionally weekly daily.
patient: occasional
nurse: And have you ever been a smoker?
nurse: or current smoker
nurse: you haven't had any motor vehicle accidents in which you were the driver.
nurse: The reason why we ask that is it might pertain to low blood sugar. So, yeah people always look at me funny when I ask that.
nurse: So they just want to make sure.
nurse: Any episodes of hypoglycemia, so this happened?
nurse: So Metformin. How often would you say you forgot to take it rare once in a while sometimes usually all the time or you pretty good about taking it for the most part you feel?
patient: so once in awhile
nurse: Any in the last two weeks? How many doses and did you take all of your metformin yesterday? Okay.
nurse: You don't ever like purposely cut back or stop taking that whenever you feel better or worse travel bring it with you.
nurse: What I sometimes suggest.
nurse: to people if you have like a kind of a weird schedule, like if you use your iPhone, you'll make an kind of set an alarm and utilize that
nurse: App or another app to kind of help with um doing a pill reminder system. So that made
nurse: I was going to say you can kind of adjust it or you can always going to bring maybe a travel bottle with you and your purse in case like you're somewhere and you you know, you're not at home and your pills are home or you know, you can have something. to
nurse: Bring with you at all times just in case of an emergency like that's pretty helpful for some people, especially those who travel or have a weird schedule and stuff kind of there on the go.
nurse: Yeah, because that'll really kind of help with.
nurse: Morning numbers you know if your morning numbers are high sometimes and so evening dose will help with that. And so yeah, try that out and see if that works for you. So,
patient: Mhm. Yeah
nurse: Yeah, they are the XR. Yeah. Yeah, they're pretty big town. And what about the glimiperide? Are you a little bit better about taking that one or you also don't tell anybody go ahead?
nurse: Gotcha.
patient: Mhmm.
nurse: Okay, so how often would you say that happened?
nurse: Well, you know I try to take it in the morning if I Remember by the evening.
patient: so maybe
nurse: Give me three weeks.
nurse: We would like it for its be zero. Yeah, because I need yes.
nurse: thank you for that.
patient: I know Ana Lyn is doing wonderful. But all the staff here just wants to make sure that there's anything extra that you need that you just let us know. Okay, I'm always available was very nice to meet you.
nurse: Yeah, I think like sometimes they bring a snack to eat on the way home. And that helps. My husband's cooking- I know he's going to have a big dinner waiting for me I can't wait until I walk in the door and I'm like "oh I can eat now!".
nurse: Notice you getting low are they usually in the evenings yet? So is it before or after you take your ID?
nurse: Before okay.
nurse: Yeah, that's something that I'm the reason I'm asking is cuz I will need to talk to Dr. Hollander about that. We may need to adjust your dose, but I'll need to see what your numbers are doing.
nurse: So you start feeling low, then you'll eat and then take your meds.
patient: so maybe um
nurse: it maybe be something that we will have to see first what your numbers are doing, and then I will get with Dr. Hollander and I'll try to brief her before she comes in to talk to you and you can discuss that with her and that we'll have to see if we need to your A1C will come back and we'll see if we need to adjust you because
nurse: Probably the Glimiperide. It may be one into something like that.
nurse: We may need to kind of play around with it a little.
nurse: Balance that out the lows because we don't want you to be having at we don't want that to be a normal thing. Like we want to make sure that you are stable with your numbers but not experiencing those lows so often.
patient: Oh, okay.
nurse: Okay so you, check your blood sugars?
nurse: Are you okay Linda? Do you feel comfortable right now or?
nurse: It's a little it's a little warm. Just a hair. Yeah.
nurse: So you would you say you check every day once a day for an average? How many times a day do you check your blood sugar?
patient: Say three? Pick a number. And
nurse: How many times can this like last week? Have you felt like your blood sugars have been too low? Just once.
nurse: And how many times have you been to your doctor or doctor's if you have other doctor appointment in the last 3 months.
nurse: Mhmm.
patient: Mhm, okay, cause like last time we talked was in October.
nurse: If it's absolutely unbearable please feel free to crack it open. Cause you're gonna be here for like two hours.
nurse: All right. So pretty much done with
nurse: all stuff that I need to ask you um we will um
nurse: And you do not take any cholesterol meds just the blood pressure.
nurse: Okay so I'm going to give you these questionnaires. And you just start working on them
nurse: There's only one weird one where you have to bubble it in. The last one you'll have to bubble in the PICC line.
nurse: Oh, I don't understand.
nurse: if it doesn't matter.
nurse: Okay. And this
nurse: It is for later I'm just gonna put it on the table. Whenever you're ready to do that at some point before you leaves.
nurse: yeah, it got warmer all of a sudden.
nurse: So the rooms aren't regulated separately.
nurse: kind of always turn it down and then it always
nurse: Yeah, they like they try to trick you. They try to make sure that you're reading is actually.
patient: I like those questions.
nurse: My daughter she's taking college courses in high.
nurse: They make you do tiny things on the computer.
nurse: Once you finish those questionnaires I'll come give you some more. I'll leave this cracked so hopefully it doesn't get as hot.
patient: And I turned down the thermostat in the room next door maybe
nurse: I don't know but I mean it's not cold but
nurse: it would be freezing in here
nurse: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
nurse: Oh did you?
nurse: payments of $24.99
nurse: I will be back in just a moment to take your blood pressure.
nurse: I am okay. I just thought I'd call real quick. They just left the the room.
nurse: No, no, no. No. No, I have a annual, you know, I'm a diabetic and you have to do once a year this so blood sugar stuff a three hour glucose tolerance thing. And so they've been coming to dry your blood every hour and all kinds of little things. So,
nurse: Yeah, I don't make a big deal about it. But yeah, my dad was when he got older and so I guess it's my time and my years of abuse are catching up with me. But but yeah.
nurse: so
patient: Okay, oh already okay.
nurse: Yeah you said that yeah.
patient: Tomorrow and then yeah, I talked to Catherine last night. We talked about some information about the Dan.
patient: And she was saying that you know, you could come up one day and then she could deliver them she promises she'll get the papers sign if people don't get them that day. She can take him to them the next day. You know, she said she can get away cuz her class is not doing any teaching right now. They're just doing crafts.
patient: the day for some of the
patient: But anyway, yeah. Yeah, so just let's see what he says today and we'll go from there cuz I can email in the morning. I wish I could just pull the people out that only have the shirts and I could if I went back.
patient: We could just if you wanted to share that, you know be available at lunch time, but but yeah will let you see how your appointment goes and you can call me back and let me know.
patient: I'll have it again in the
patient: Set a remind them own, you know, maybe I maybe they still have some or something and I'll just I'll just make a smaller group with the ones that order the shirts.
patient: Yes, I how I saved them all and I even printed the most of them. So I'll make sure either has 56 not necessarily 56 people, right?
patient: right
patient: Extra besides the two and somebody else always add to Brown they older too. So so yes. Oh, okay. I think so. Little order to but one was for Stephanie's boyfriend. Yeah. Yeah, so
nurse: Oh, yes, they are.
patient: Okay. Well, I'll look through all that. Yeah.
patient: All good.
patient: Did they give you a receipt or okay, great to meet you too. So I'll keep it in my book to okay great.
patient: So so we have time to let everybody know when I can make
patient: Sky ride in it and everybody's paid right except for Diana who will pay me later. I mean it's paid for friends, but everybody else had paid so
patient: Oh, no, I didn't know.
patient: how old
patient: Oh.
patient: Everly doesn't either
patient: I will talk to you later, or thank you. Thank you so much for goodbye.
nurse: Blood pressure.
nurse: Do it one more time.
patient: How are you?
nurse: Happy Christmas and um yeah you're having some lows occasionally?
nurse: Yeah, and and I know we've been doing like 2mg in the morning and 1 in the evening of the Glimepiride?
nurse: See metformin helps your own insulin work better and the Glimepiride actually makes your insults cells work harder. Put out a little extra insulin and I guess my thought might be maybe we should just do like one glimepiride in the morning 1 in the evening and just see how that goes.
nurse: I was hoping we would cut back on the metformin but I know that's the only but yeah only because I hate taking those pills.
nurse: It's just they're horse pills and horse pills and also and this is going to sound gross I was then I guess I've seen them come out in my stool. I have a
nurse: sometimes I have diarrhea then but one time I actually put a glove on and reached in there because first I thought it was a nut.
nurse: They do do that sometimes. They're called ghosts. And supposedly they still
nurse: Work even though in theory, you know what you said you were being really sorry.
nurse: Yeah. That they still are workable. Um
nurse: I think it is to say that is the politically correct approach.
patient: I need to be better about taking my meds and taking my sugar everyday.
nurse: we don't want you to have to eat
nurse: So so
nurse: Let's do this let's cut back the morning One Ok and and see where you are before dinner. Okay, and and then maybe we can try that out for a week or so. We'll call you and we can see. We can see him work on this.
nurse: No, no, no. No, we don't want that. So that's why I say let's drop the morning one, and then hopefully you'll feel comfortable taking the evening.
patient: Dose. Does that make sense?
nurse: Yeah, I think there are there a break or half-able, but maybe talk with Ana Lyn about that it and we can just kind of see where that goes. Yeah, I mean we're just so appreciative of you being part of this. Thank you. Thank you.
nurse: Yep we do. We have 158 people on this study. We completed recruitment last summer, early summer.
nurse: Yeah you know so we're feeling good about it and so appreciative about everyone willing to take part in this and you know.
patient: I've appreciated all I know y'all didn't have a choice and that I didn't have to do the shot part
patient: if I could one of those moments, you know couple of trips my my mom fell on vaca-
nurse: Oh dear
nurse: But your A1C's have been very good.
nurse: But that's yeah, I know you really excellent. But I think we'll try this approach and okay. Okay, and then you were here.
patient: Because yeah, I'm so tired from work that I'll just fall asleep and then I wake up at whatever and I think that's not going to be accurate.
patient: I think that that it that is so true, but they said if you can work on this although I know this coming after Christmas.
nurse: Well, as I said, we're very appreciative and of course we know everybody stays in the study cuz we give them a listen credible gifts.
nurse: choices today
nurse: I wish you could be a little more but yeah, but I think it cuz it's a yearly thing that I think we have some things. I don't know like
nurse: A blanket or maybe already have a blanket and umbrella. There's some various things a little gifts that help build a few choice. I think it's a sin and seems to be very from time to time with the umbrellas for big.
nurse: Also a little soft fuzzy blanket to have in the car. And I think we have a salad Shaker. I think that's more attractive.
patient: women
nurse: See what they have. So right we are so appreciative.
nurse: And we appreciate you going through this this thing that help us judge. Just you know, how your insults are actually operating. That's the idea who these things.
patient: I think it's at the end of the study.
nurse: bacteria are big nowadays, I'm sure you know. It's important to have friendly bacteria.
patient: as opposed to non friendly bacteria They're really thinking that the bacteria thing is a very important part of
nurse: You know, it's not like a different word in exactly, but it did you play especially in the GI and it said you had some issues too. And yeah.
nurse: I toy with the probiotic idea, but I just there's so many kinds I wouldn't even know where I am. Not sure myself as a doctor.
nurse: I got me worked up.
nurse: I found one thing on your questionnaire so I'll have you
nurse: Uh no.
nurse: Just when you said if you have any episodes you put down, but you didn't check yes or no.
nurse: It's going to be coming back in.
nurse: Just a couple minutes. So yes for the blood.
nurse: So once she's done with that we'll do weight. I will be back in just a couple minutes.
patient: I am in between testing and I just thought I'd check in.
patient: I'm not sure when I'll be done, but I'll call you when I am and we can go to lunch with that. Be good all right.
nurse: How's he feeling as you said anything more about a headache?
nurse: Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye.
nurse: Is it too cold?
nurse: Now we know that that's right. There is where
nurse: Is everybody else is cool?
nurse: Now at least we know that that's where it is.
nurse: a really good procrastinator
nurse: Stronger than I thought.
nurse: All right.
nurse: If you wanna you can slip off your socks and shoes, yes, please.
patient: I have that too.
nurse: Do you remember this?
nurse: Okay. Check your reflexes, your ankle reflexes.
nurse: So now we have this test. You can let go of your hand. You can let go now.
nurse: Okay, so I'm going to do I'm going to hit this on the ground it's going to vibrate. I'm going to put it on your toe
nurse: Me know when you stop feeling. Okay the buzzing. So don't look, close your eyes, look away.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: Okay, so what I'm gonna do is put it on your toe. So close your eyes or look away. Okay. So let me know if you can feel it.
nurse: Yes.
nurse: We are all done.
nurse: So you can go ahead and hop on down.
nurse: We do
nurse: No this year. You're so next year when you come in for an answer, but we do it years to four and six. Oh, okay. So there's some test that we do.
nurse: And so and then we only do the meal test.
nurse: Once a year, 1, 3, 5. So you don't have to do
nurse: Everything. Every year so luckily. They try to
nurse: I'll be back in just a minute. I'll let Anna Lynn know you're all done.
nurse: I spoke with Dr. Hollander. She told you about our decision to to decrease your dose of Metformin.
nurse: Okay, so she wants to do 1 in the morning 1 in the evening.
nurse: Take out evening dose. Same thing with the Metformin. I'm in so you need to yeah, and then also to check your blood sugars were office. So we kind of get a better picture of what your blood sugars are doing, especially during this time of
nurse: positioning, you know, to a lower dose. So if you can like 45 times of you and I was just trying to get in the habit again better than okay doing it to 2/3 because it doesn't really give us a really accurate picture and then
nurse: Morning yeah fasting right before you take your your meds and before you eat.
nurse: so you're going to want to
nurse: Definitely check in the morning and then take out what else I'll show you hear what I hear from you. So I'm going to have you take a 1mg first I gave you another bottle of the two cuz I wasn't sure I had the sense before we made that decision so.
nurse: So you have like one of the two that is still full or open and I give you a full one today. So just put these somewhere else.
nurse: Yeah, so, I want we going to have to want you to finish these off first? So use the ones and so you only have to take one.
nurse: So you'll just take one in the morning one at night until you were uses up. This is a full one. This is a partial one. So finish these two first.
nurse: Two more bottles of the metformin on since you still had two full ones
nurse: Definitely be good about trying to take the evening dose.
nurse: bottle, so like you know, cause you're only taking half the dose, so just try to uh
nurse: okay, I didn't give you more lances cause you have a lot
patient: Is it okay to use it more than once?
nurse: Just for sanitary uses and it could dull it. So another box of alcohol just in case you need it, I know you have plenty.
nurse: Okay card into yours. Well great.
nurse: This is our giveaway item that we provided at our event a couple months ago.
patient: Okay
nurse: and then I
nurse: I would recommend because you haven't taken your Glimiperide or your Metformin today, then today after you leave go ahead and start taking
nurse: 1 mg in the morning and night starting today. Okay. Okay. So take one of the pink and then another pink one this evening. So
nurse: Yeah, so then you can just shoot me an email here in about a week and let me know how you're doing. Okay?
nurse: That will all talk to you. Anyway sometime probably a next week. Anyway to give you your lab results, probably right?
nurse: Okay.
nurse: And then we'll just probably do your next visit sometime.
nurse: Maybe in March early March so just yeah. Yeah, so we'll schedule that later. It'll be a short visit non-fasting so just a regular visit.
nurse: Yeah, it's totally up to you. Yeah, whatever time it's not fasting. So yeah. Yeah exactly and
nurse: It's nice to kind of get it done early and go on with the rest of your day.
nurse: So looks like the last thing we got to do is just that last Blood dry here in about 10 minutes or so. I think yeah, something like that.
nurse: So after this is done after they take out the IV you're pretty much good to go. We're all finished. So
nurse: Uh uh. Yeah that's fun.
nurse: awesome
nurse: Just hang tight here for just a few more things back in. Okay. Alright. You're welcome.
nurse: Getting all right.
nurse: my hands are so dry. I keep shocking you here
nurse: Okay
nurse: Sorry.
patient: Oh, yeah.
nurse: So that completes today's visit a current local time is 9:52 in the morning.
