nurse: Now we're going to start today's grade study visit. Today is December 4th, 2017, and the current local time is
nurse: 8:28 in the morning. My name is Marcia Madden, and I am one of the study coordinators at grade study site 100.
nurse: I am with grade study participant ID number 1 0 0 0 2 7 9 and she has given permission to have this visit recorded. There are no other persons coming with this participant in this exam room.
nurse: This is a annual visit and the visit number is 12.
nurse: So what Connie wanted me to do
nurse: start with is the oral glucose tolerance questions. Have you had major surgery
nurse: or been ill in the past 7 days? Have you had anything to eat or drink other than water in the last 8 hours?
nurse: Have you eaten an atypical or unusual diet over the past three days? No. Have you exercised vigorously in the last eight hours? No. Have you consumed alcohol in the last 8 hours? No. Have you smoked within the last hour? No.
nurse: Did you work last night?
nurse: Have you taken oral steroids like prednisone or been injected with steroids in the past 2 weeks? Did you take your diabetes study medications this morning?
nurse: And then it's asking if you've had a finger stick of greater than or equal to 350. So.
nurse: Going to have you do that so I'm going to leave that blank for now. I took it this morning. Okay. Over 350 would be highly unusual. I'm unsure if part of the study needs to actually do that with you.
nurse: Just continue.
nurse: Here until she comes in.
nurse: Have you fasted between 8 and 18 hours? Okay. Are you of childbearing potential?
patient: Hopefully not. If we are we're in trouble.
nurse: Connie Jensen, study coordinator, is entering the room. Marcia Madden will be exiting the room. Meter is out there to be downloaded
patient: And I've never done this form before because I don't do this visit. So does she need to do?
nurse: She did her own today. 111, did you say?
nurse: alright, so
nurse: And that other one is rescheduled. Okay. Alright. Alright, so everything shook out, everything is going good. Well i'm going to get
nurse: Thank you.
nurse: Is your hubby? Thank you Marcia. Is he with you today? Oh okay very good.
patient: I just need to take a deep breath.
nurse: Last year we had a difficult time- your nails always look so pretty- we had a difficult time placing
patient: So what I have done is I have scheduled an appointment for upstairs. And we're gonna take you upstairs to the infusion center.
nurse: Cuz I don't want to try here try here and then went to poking a 2 times better. I drank a lot of water yesterday, but they don't even seem very puffy. Yeah, and that's okay. So
nurse: Sounds good. They're pros up there. They'll know where to find it.
nurse: I have had to have anesthesiologist do mine before
patient: Oh my gosh, I know hopefully not that bad.
nurse: No, you're not. You're not. You must have really skinny veins. I do, look at them. Really skinny and stuff yeah.
nurse: Terrible IV starts, and so that's the way it works for me. So I thought to myself: Self, let's just give a call upstairs.
patient: When I was in the hospital was about 25 years ago now.
patient: They couldn't get my IVs going and they tried here and here and here and this one nurse came in. She's really nice. Got it in right away.
patient: Pulled it out with blood all over
patient: She was getting ready to secure it and that's happened to me as well.
nurse: And then you wind up boom. Yeah, it's just everywhere. She felt so bad. Oh I know. Did they find it?
nurse: Yeah she got it back in. She felt really bad. We're only human. I wouldn't want to do it. I'm just I had emailed them. I was here late on Friday night.
nurse: And so I'm emailing them to make sure they're still fine with us coming up. Yeah.
nurse: What they do at the infusion centers, they they they do infusions. And so they Place IVs to do like medication and fusions and so they have patients that come
nurse: and I don't see.
nurse: And the time between 9 and 9:30 is between their patients. So that's kind of what I was hoping for.
nurse: Okay that we would be able to get upstairs for that time frame. And so
patient: Do I have to drink that stuff again today?
nurse: You do. Do you want orange or lemon lime today?
nurse: Probably lemon lime. Better than orange. I personally would probably like it better than orange. But each person is different so say can I have you take your sleeves off?
nurse: You can just sit right here if you like. We can close the door when we go upstairs. But if you want to take your purse with you you can
nurse: Well, yeah, we'll close the door. So I don't believe they'll be anybody back here meandering around.
nurse: Kind of at the end of the end of the path here. So unless- we're not going to take quite
nurse: as many laps we don't have quite as much to take this time.
nurse: Okay and sometimes they'll look in here. Are you right-handed or left-handed?
nurse: They might have better luck on this arm though. That's because it's your dominant arm, but you know, you're going to be doing questionnaires today. And so they made decide to look here.
nurse: Or we will have them look down here. Do you need the bracelet off? We might have to.
nurse: We might have to but I just need to identify which arms I want to.
nurse: And they may decide something different once we get up there. This one I think would maybe be one that if we if I were doing at this with you then I would attempt, but I know we tried that last time
nurse: and weren't successful and if your hand if you're going to be writing a lot see, once the cannula goes in the needle doesn't stay in there. It's this little flexible little flexible tube. IItsy bitsy little tube. Well look at that.
nurse: and sometimes they look for them in here too, so
nurse: Oh, well, at least it's not coming out of your chin.
patient: Oh they come too. They do. Terrible.
patient: And they seemed like they come overnight. They do they just pop right up and it's like crazy little hairs. Yeah.
nurse: Yeah, so I am going to warm pack you and then we will walk you upstairs and I don't see anything from them. And so they must be just fine with us coming.
nurse: And so this part will add a little bit to our time. Just so you know.
patient: I said took 4 hours last time didn't I? When you're randomized it is longer.
patient: Said they had a hard time finding my blood and all that. Yeah, she's going to fix it this time.
nurse: Well that we don't have to do an EKG today. So today what we'll do is we'll do a lab we'll do a foot exam.
nurse: Oh good. Questionnaires. Yeah, I was going to ask you about your feet too so but we we know that's around the corner here now. This is your questionnaire. Oh I'm glad I didn't put my socks on this morning. Oh your compression socks? Yeah because I thought because I wanted to show you this one thing
nurse: Yearly we do the foot exam. You do.
nurse: How many trees have been killed? We're gonna take this with us. Let me go get the worm pack.
nurse: And then I think we can start to meander up north to the 6th floor
patient: I've never been on that floor. I'm getting to know this place pretty good. We've been all kinds of different places
nurse: This is something you can if you have to wait in the waiting room you can do this.
patient: So that's what kind of nice about that. Okay.
nurse: Yeah, we don't have to do an EKG this time, which is what we did last time also and then we taught you all about your new medication. So this this visit generally is not as long as your randomization
nurse: but I figure you know, that's making sure that
patient: for here long enough
patient: He's fine. He waits. Tomorrow we gotta go back to the hospital. He had some surgery. He did have his espohagus fixed.
patient: They went in on the side and went in and went to fix something down here.
patient: and then a month after that
patient: we go to the dermatologist.
patient: We went to fourth floor I said we gotta go to fifth floor. And I always do that.
patient: And he had a spot removed from his back.
patient: November 1st and he ended up with infection and he's still got the stitches in.
patient: They come back tomorrow. But we go to the hospital for that.
nurse: I kinda highlighted the timeline. If the answer is no then you skip the next one. These ones are scantrons you fill in the dots.
nurse: And that's for the last 3 days and like this question is if you have a headache yesterday and the day before then you would fill in yesterday and 2 days ago. If you don't have any headaches you would just do no days. Okay?
nurse: Don't worry about anything at the top or the bottom. I do that you actually get a free page in here. That one you don't do anything. And then in general what your health is like and then compare it to one year ago. I think then most of them are formed 4 weeks until the very last one and it's two weeks.
nurse: I tried to highlight this timeline for you. Okay. Thanks.
nurse: If these are too warm, I want you to tell me okay, okay?
patient: And what did you want?
patient: We're ready? Yeah. Okay I think
nurse: It's really hot on top. Is that warm enough? I'm gonna do it back here too. Okay, is that too warm?
nurse: All right.
nurse: I just have to keep you from getting wet.
nurse: We want to just make sure that it stays.
nurse: Okay if it's still
nurse: Or if it gets too warm, you let me know.
nurse: All right. We're gonna walk upstairs
nurse: Let me just make sure we're back after getting the IV place and it's locked in place. So we're good to go there.
nurse: okay, sad that chair is really deep and
nurse: And that was something we got from upstairs everything we have in research is hand-me-downs. So they got those nice new chairs up there aren't they nice?
nurse: They all go to the same place in the city.
nurse: And so it's tightened up
nurse: I'll give you your questionnaire
nurse: and I will go and if it's easier not to use the
nurse: All right.
nurse: I'm going to move this over here because I need to set up the thing
nurse: Okay. Very good.
patient: Yeah, a couple times it was low and then a couple times it was high, but I figured I had eaten.
nurse: So that's for the last 30 days is what that's asking for. I can give you the data from last 30 days, so go ahead and skip those questions.
nurse: On that page that you're on right now because a lot of them have to with earlobes and we'll come back to that. Okay.
nurse: Here's some water for you. Thank you.
nurse: Okay I'm gonna just borrow the space here
nurse: sometime this morning we'll have you do a
nurse: The tricky thing is this at they go ahead and they take this down like they're doing infusion. I should probably have mentioned that to them.
nurse: Because they do a really nice job taping it down but then I'm like. So I'll just try it like this and see how that works. They secure it very nicely.
nurse: So basically what I'm going to do is just take a little bit. Take the tip off and then
nurse: total waste and the reason why we do the waste is because we have
nurse: You have, not me.
nurse: Do you have saline in that line? So then we just need to go. It's nice and easy isn't it? It is. Isn't that better than just being poked 6 times
nurse: That's pretty amazing how the heat can bring it up and a year ago we didn't have a warmer
nurse: And so that was also a hand-me-down from upstairs.
nurse: They've been very very good to us.
nurse: What'd you have for Thanksgiving did you have a traditional
patient: Oh, yeah, we have traditional turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy. Yeah, all that stuff, you know, you're not supposed to eat.
nurse: I don't think you're not.
nurse: I think it's the access that we have. Yeah, what do you do your sweet potatoes?
patient: I just do them the way my mom always did with butter and brown sugar in the oven. My one daughter likes marshmallows on hers so we have to put marshmallows on hers. I don't care for marshmallows she does.
nurse: We all have our own traditions. My mom used to do in the electric fry pan are on the stove. So they caramelize. Yeah.
nurse: And it was like eating candy. They were good for you until you did that. And sometimes that would be the only thing we wanna eat because it was so good it was like dessert
nurse: And so I don't do that now. I
patient: My daughter was telling me her sister-in-law mashed her sweet potatoes and put something in them, but she don't know what she did and she said they were really good. Oh, yeah.
nurse: There's so many different ways that you can do it.
nurse: And they're always going I mean my kids have finally just gotten to the point where they just eat sweet potatoes. Just plain.
nurse: Well, they put the butter in and the brown sugar on top of them, but they do them in the microwave with and they're full of patassium and they're good for you. And if it's that or a bowl of macaroni and cheese. You know, I'm thinking that might be a little better for them.
nurse: Funny how so that's the first draw.
nurse: I'm going to give you here in just a moment. This is just a normal saline flush. All this is doing is what she did up there. It's just flushing the line to make sure that it stays open for us.
nurse: And then it might be a little cool.
nurse: And then I just clip this. The other nice thing is by the time you come down. The vessels have relax. Sometimes the vessels will kinda take a little dive on us.
patient: And it could get to that. Stubborn little thing.
nurse: Okay. So what are you going there's that. Perfect timing
nurse: We'll have you start your beverage. You got 5 minutes. Deep breath and go. Alrighty here we go I got your timer going and you have 5 minutes and I'll sit this here if that's a problem.
nurse: I bring you some water so that if it's really sweet and you can have a little swish of water inbetween
nurse: these lamps off
patient: Was that lady that was looking for an appointment? So she's with the study too? she's telling us talking to us when we were out there.
patient: I don't know what she screwed up her appointment or something. We were gonna work her in
nurse: But then something came up. She couldn't
nurse: Our morning fasting starts so hard
nurse: You know and we do the best we can.
nurse: But that one was unexpected. And so
nurse: Workouts. You know we do the best we can. We could have done it, but there was some guy came up that she couldn't stay
nurse: 4 minutes. Is you arm feeling okay?
patient: Done. All right. Very good
nurse: Thank you. 35 seconds
nurse: Now you don't have to do that next year. In 2 years. Give you a little break. Well you'll come to see me next year but 2 years until you drink that stuff again.
nurse: Something's really wrong it's like an alert. Can definitely hear it whenever it's when I'm doing something else.
nurse: Any questions on the questionnaires yet?
patient: Just do the best you can.
patient: Friends run some errands around here. He had to take some stuff back to he's going down the recycling place. He had some cans.
patient: Couple errands to run something to do. Stupid for you to sit there I said at least get something done.
nurse: Does he use a reader or anything?
patient: He likes to read paper magazine. He reads books if he
patient: gets them. He reads more than I do I'm not a reader. At sooner so were ya be busy with your hands ya ya never was a good reader. There's a Half Price Bookstore crossed just over here in miracle mile.
nurse: Half Price Bookstore that sometimes we have patients that go over you know that are waiting for. I took a bunch of books there once to get rid of them when I was cleaning up someone's house.
patient: They gave us like 25 dollars and we brought a lot of books. But at least they were gone and they didn't go to waste and recycle them or whatever.
nurse: the circulating
nurse: I remember we used to get the National Geographic magazines they were so beautiful but so hard to get. I think they wound up giving them to a senior center. And then we have some children ones too, and we gave those to like
nurse: neighbors and stuff with young children like Ranger Rick and National gGeographic and American Wildlife magazine or National Wildlife
nurse: We don't get much for magazines any more exercise like get a lot of junk once yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
patient: Every magazine some days are just too many in my mailbox. I throw most of them away cuz I don't even look at him. I don't want them
nurse: Especially this time of year. It's getting really bad. I call it when I was getting doubles because my mother-in-law passed away and then my mom passed away and they were getting some of them. I finally called him and said this person has died be please quit sending magazines. Yeah.
patient: I think I got it down pretty much now. There's just one that my mom still gives.
patient: I think I finally got rid of my mother-in-law's.
nurse: Alright, let me drop this off here.
nurse: I can be working on medication you have left and we can
nurse: Can I just should I
nurse: Just look at them here. I'll hang this up or put it on the chair.
nurse: Are you warm enough? Okay. I brought my book too I don't know if you need it. Did you put some extra notes in the book?
patient: A couple this is what I have left. This is I leave for sure and I was going to tell you that every once in a while. I take one of these.
patient: Her diarrhea. Oh, yeah. Sometimes it gets really
patient: bad. I can maybe take one or
patient: two a month at the most. It's like water sometimes it kind of settles my stomach down and puts it back to normal sometimes. Just wanted to tell you. Otherwise I haven't.
patient: Advil once in awhile, but nothing else.
patient: Yeah, my pink pills. I'm almost out of
patient: That's my pink. That's the same as the glimeperide or the amaryl?
nurse: The amaryl? Must be the amaryl.
patient: Yeah, I have a full pack. That's his name stuff. But this is the one miligram that's the two. Okay, I need the one milligram. Yeah, that's a different name then.
patient: I didn't bring the one
patient: All right, cuz like I thought I better write this down I get the right thing. cuz that you mailed to me. Remember we added yet you never
nurse: But there's only maybe like 2 weeks of that left.
patient: The other bottle I still have another full one that you gave me the blue ones the two miligrams. Okay, they're fine. Okay, the other stuff is getting down there. We will look at that
nurse: We don't fill these bottles up all the way and I just want this only two
nurse: Have you ever donated blood? I used to and the last time I went they told me that my blood was something wrong with it.
patient: And they can't use it. So I went to the doctor I should have called the number they sent me but I didn't. I thought it was just a freak thing. So when I went to see my doctor I asked him I says what does this mean I have AIDS or something or what?
patient: Can't use my blood says they do the same thing to me and then a couple years later. I tried again. But they don't accept it so I just don't go any more. I mean I love to give.
nurse: Yeah, yeah. Yeah, so what I'm taken from you is much less than what you would give if you were donating a pint of blood, it looks like a lot of tubes but it's not too bad. Yeah that happened to me as well and then they couldn't get it because my little wimpy veins then they could
patient: Otherwise I haven't taken anything else. The diarrhea still gets bad some days.
nurse: Mark that anything trigger anything
patient: No. No.
patient: sometimes I think it's maybe something I've eaten but sometimes
patient: Well, since I started taking my three main pills in the evening usually when I get up in the morning. The first thing I do is have my bowel movement. Some days I'll be fine and eat my breakfast. Everything goes good.
patient: And then sometimes a friend I have to leave after we eat or I'll have to stop because I have to I'm not going to make it to the bathroom. It's so bad and it just I usually have cereal or toast. Nothing. Not a big.
patient: Fried breakfast though, but I never know when it's going to come. Scares me once in awhile.
nurse: yeah that's tough. And if it's only happening once or twice a month
patient: well it makes you wonder. it happens a couple of times in that but when I try to take that pill then it kind of settles down and
patient: gets back to normal I mean I've never since I've been on this metformin. I've never had a hard movement always been really soft or really runny.
nurse: You still doing the one and a half milligrams in the morning, right?
patient: I'm doing, we're changing we have one metformin in the morning and oh I went on blood pressure medicine I forgot to tell you that
patient: After my visit here last night I called my doctor.
nurse: 20 mg tablet. I haven't taken that yet today either. Do you have it with you? You can take it right now
nurse: Just not your metformin.
patient: So I take one 500 metformin in the morning, I take my blood pressure morning. And then I take that blue and pink that's a milligram and a half, right?
nurse: Yeah. Okay. Thank you.
patient: Yeah so you'll take my blood pressure today and see if it was better. We're going to after you've had your blood pressure meds
patient: Oh, okay. I was going to take a nap but I though well if she calls you said hold everything. Just wait till.
nurse: No no just hold your study meds and so just in the future from now on pace it. I usually took it usually taken around 8.
patient: They started me out on 10 and then I went back and had it checked and he said it's still not where it should be. Pushed it up to 20 and I haven't had a check since that. In fact.
patient: Will you send him copies of this report of the blood and all the everything? So maybe he can I think we didn't take blood and stuff cuz I said well I'm going down in December. So can they just do everything then? He said yes, so
patient: Yeah, I don't know if he wrote anything or. What we do
nurse: Equestrial panel
nurse: And then we'll do a kidney function always check that. And you let him know all that.
nurse: Yeah. It takes about five days for us coming back
nurse: And then we have to send it down to our data entry to get it in.
nurse: the computer and then he'll be able to see it. I can also put a note in the computer for today's visit after I get the results to let him know what the numbers are.
patient: Cuz it's so hard to poke me all the time or I said can't they just do it when they're doing that?
nurse: I wonder well I'll check if he has anything else scheduled because if it's not fasting then we'll be able to take it today. I'll check
nurse: Your veing is being very very good. This is a lot easier than poking me.
nurse: I like it this way too. Yeah.
patient: That one I just started. Oh, okay. Yeah, I guess it would be easy.
nurse: Awesome. Thank you.
patient: that windy again?
patient: I have to put I missed one day. I forgot one day to take my medicine and one morning just recently. last week I think, I forgot to do my prick in the morning. I got to get up and do it right away or you forget.
nurse: All right. Yeah. That's very good though you only missed pricking your finger
patient: Yeah, yeah, and then I did it later and then it was really high. So I probably shouldn't have did it
nurse: So you take your glimiperide in the morning with breakfast that's the little 2 1/2 pills. Yes take them in the morning. And then you take the I take one metformin in the morning and then three in the evening my cholesterol and aspirin when I go to bed.
patient: You take just once or twice a month you say. Maybe twice a month. You just take it in the morning?
nurse: Right after it's done or empty stomach or something. Yeah, so you just do it once once a day.
patient: When I do take it? Yeah just one little tablet. Yes he sat on my cup. I'll get you a new cup oh it's okay
nurse: maybe open the door
patient: Let him out in the hallway where there's more room to rain. I don't. I don't either I hate him.
nurse: I grew up on the farm. Oh, yes, we know where there's
nurse: Thank you.
nurse: Are you all done? It looks like you were
nurse: I don't think
nurse: Ask a question. Wow.
nurse: Thank you so much. I generally glance at em this last one we were talking about here
nurse: Okay, so
nurse: The question was any episodes of low blood sugars? For example that got better with food for example otherwise otherwise unexplained sweating
nurse: Any episodes of low blood sugar symptoms so you haven't had any symptoms correct? No. Okay so we go down any blood sugar levels by finger stick that were less than
nurse: but without low blood sugar so you have one of those it was a 64. Yeah mark that one and then just straight line all the way through it and initial it right here.
nurse: Just initial. There you go. If you make a mistake you can't
nurse: Or erase it in research you just blame through it. Okay so then if yes
nurse: Was your blood sugar less than 54? It was 64 I believe or 65 so you would put no here. There you go. And then any severe lows which you could not treat yourself? Okay perfect. Alright.
nurse: There you go. Can I look at those? Because you had two lows this last time you had them and they were looks like before suppertime.
patient: The mornings are usually pretty consistent it's in the late afternoon or the evening one that is really different.
nurse: You think that's because of activity level or what you're eating at lunch time or? Probably.
patient: Sometime I don't eat enough for lunch I don't think. And like I said, even just walking like if you're out doing an activity, you know.
nurse: walking around the mall or anything like that can increase well it uses up that glucose and then you can have
nurse: Toweards the low even if you eat the same things that you eat every other day for lunch, then if you increase your activity level than that can cause a low sometimes but you don't have any symptoms?
patient: Yeah, I was shocked when I took it and it was that and I didn't have anything.
nurse: Okay. Okay. I remember that. You didn't check it again to be sure? I mean sometimes it can be like
nurse: You know one off or something and even those high ones sometimes they can be a one-off. So I'm giving you plenty of strips so that you can get if you feel like you want to check something because you're like 58, that doesn't seem right go ahead and check it again. It could be
nurse: I just check it right away if you want to just to verify for yourself if you want to and then what we usually suggest is
nurse: checking, you know having some carbohydrate and then checking 15 minutes later. And then you should see it turn the other direction. So like if you have a 58
nurse: And you have 15 grams of carbohydrate. Then you should be able to see within 15 minutes that it's going the other direction. And so then maybe it would be instead of a 58 maybe a 69, you know or a 72 or something like that.
nurse: It should turn and go the other direction. If it's staying at the 58 or it's continuing to go down then we would have you take another 15 grams of carbohydrate until you see it turn around.
nurse: There are three, several different things that can cause low blood sugars. And I know we talked about this a year ago, but it's always good to look at it again because
nurse: A year ago we talked about a lot. And so we call it the rule of 15. And so if you're having a low or you feel like you're having a low, but it doesn't sound like you ever feel like you're having a low.
patient: Usually I think I had one but I ate right away and it was okay after I told you I didn't I don't know what you just take my blood. I guess I should do it more often.
nurse: Oh, yeah, if you feel like you're having a low or if you feel kind of crummy, or you feel like uh maybe I better eat. Just go ahead I'll give you plenty of strips to check and see if you are low cuz if you are then you can maybe
nurse: If you can identify what it feels like if you're going low, it's really nice if you can identify it because if you say I'm felling kind of cranky right now, and you know, maybe I better eat something but check if you have your meter with you. Check and
patient: See. That's the only bad thing. I don't carry it in my purse all the time. And I don't know if I should start. It's not a bad idea. Cuz usually when I do feel something like that I'm not at home.
nurse: Right, and then there's there again. That's the tricky thing then if we know that that's a low, then let's talk about what you were doing.
nurse: And how you treated it and it could be that if you're having those midday lows then when I shift your morning dose and give you a little bit less in the morning and a little bit more in the evening.
nurse: You know, so that's how we. Of the glimiperide
nurse: That way we can tweak it so you're not having those lows midday. You know, with just two over the course of six months or 3 months. It's hard for me to identify was that just a one off or maybe you just had a salad and you were out walking around the mall or something like that.
nurse: You know at lunch time.
nurse: I can't relay it. But if you do that then you're welcome to carry it with you. You have the case that goes with it. So just try to check it and see. I'll give you some extra strips this time
nurse: Because then we can tweak your meds even better so that you're not at that risk of 50, it's pretty low. I don't want to see you sitting there. I'm glad you're not waking up with lows that's the first thing I'd look at
nurse: But I can see they're pretty pretty good in the morning.
nurse: And you're more. In your largest meals. It's still the evening meal usually?
nurse: I just put no symptoms because you didn't have them.
nurse: And then just a quick question you're not doing you don't have any allergies to speak of
nurse: But this is what I gave you a while back. But we can always review it again and you can always take it with you too
nurse: Some causes of low blood sugar can be what's listed there. Too much medication, that's why if you can not some lows midday then we'll certainly do some switching around being more
nurse: Active or eating less carbohydrates than what you normally do. Okay. So those are the reasons and then here are some of the symptoms.
nurse: And I always chuckle about this.
nurse: But that's how my mom used to get. Irritable and then and then before, you know, she would be sweating.
patient: She'd get cranky. I think I get more hungry.
nurse: And that could be it, you know, and if you can identify it as a low then instead of unless it's mealtime instead of treating it with a lot of food than you can
nurse: Treat it with like 15 grams of carbohydrate and we talked a little bit about the carbohydrate. Are you familiar with that? Okay and these are good choices for 15 grams and there are plenty of other ones out there, too, but that's
nurse: But the rule of 15 is just a way to make sure you're safe and not to over treat because if you over treat them what can happen is you can.
nurse: Then you start bing bwinging, you know, you're like low and then you're high and then you're low and then you're high. And so that's why we like to do it
nurse: This way unless of course it's time for supper and then you would just have your regular meal of course.
patient: But that's do you do a lot of driving too? Not with Ron home I don't do much driving. He does most of my driving. I mean I drive some but not like I used to. So
nurse: because that would be the other piece too of course as if you were driving you don't always want to make sure that you weren't low
patient: There's a couple questions about driving I hardly drive at all.
nurse: My husband used to drive all day and even now he's like
nurse: I don't mind at all.
nurse: We both worked at FedEx, but he was all carrier for many years. It was we were over there almost 20 years each or neither one of us are there anymore.
nurse: It's where we met. He would drive all day. And I was okay with that because he was like this get there fast sort of thing I mean not speeding but getting out of the stoplight like
nurse: I'm pulling out of the driveway like you are not delivering packages here slow down.
patient: I think I can use the restroom whenever you want me to.
nurse: Oh that would be perfect that's perfect timing. Put an extra piece on top of that. This is just paper tape that helps it kinda keep it from flopping around while you
patient: That's pretty good stuff.
nurse: And I got you tied down there real good. I'll just put your water right over here where you can get it and I'll put a pen here in case you need it again
nurse: And then I'll take you out to the restroom
nurse: There's a little metal door you know we girls all know about that. Bring it back.
nurse: So. We've got extra stuff here for you. Do you have any questions on that?
patient: And I have one in my folder yet. So I'm going to give this one back. Okay, okay.
nurse: I thought I'd seen that one before. That's great. Thank you for coming in. This is an annual visit. So happy one year anniversary. These are we just have a little
nurse: Gift, it's not much but it's a little something something here for you. This umbrella was a full-sized umbrella. It's kind of nice. I actually like it's like a golf umbrella good day for it. Since it's raining out today. Well, yeah, it was sprinkling anyhow. And this is like a
nurse: Lunch box cooler about this big enough for carrying something in maybe in your car. If you wanted to have something from this is a little LED light about this size. This is a grocery bag. It's the size of a grocery bag its lined in the lid.
nurse: A zipper shut and at lays flat so it's nice for in the trunk of your car.
nurse: A little pedometer here and a little salad shaker. If you're interested in one of these things, I'd be happy that grab that.
patient: I'll take an umbrella. We lost our big one someplace. This one is good for not the little tiny ones
nurse: I'm giving you five boxes of strips.
nurse: And you have a box at home. That should be plenty. Okay. I don't see you for 3 months now right?
nurse: So that gives you the opportunity to check some of those midday worms whenever you're staying outside if you have a 58 or 64 something like that take 15 grams of carbs and check it and see just to make sure it's turned around
nurse: Sit down at the table and then if you overtreat then you're overtreating and then you're having the meal and so then
nurse: Okay. And it's cute that you said they were
nurse: And I the okay. Yeah, I see where you got
nurse: High tide from the top. Yeah, I should have took that it's the medication and then if you flip it over.
nurse: this is the medication here on this side, too, but that
nurse: That's the little pink ones. The 1 mg. That one I know I'm gonna run out of. The blue ones are fine because I've had them for a year that must be that bottle has a lot more in it. I thought I looked and I think they were okay, but I'll check when I get home.
nurse: When you get home and if they're if they're if they're going to expire before you come back in the spring will send you another one out. Okay? Yeah, I'll check them. Then. We'll send you another one of these ones are good until next fall so these are good for the next ten
nurse: months so yeah, just check your expiration dates if you would and then we got to try to keep using what. But we gave you so many at the first time you know that
nurse: Find out cuz I haven't given you new ones since have I. The blue ones, no. You gave me two bottles right away. Actually I think I gave you three because that's what we usually start with. Three of those. Let me look real quick
nurse: Yeah I gave you three bottles. I don't look up the expiration date I believe.
nurse: I'm trying to do that before you leave. Let me look at the way
nurse: This is all the meds for the last 4 years.
nurse: The last 4 years. Mailed me the pink ones I think in the middle. Yeah because we had to cut you back.
patient: We added to it. I was doing one and you made it one and a half.
nurse: That's right and we didn't want to double it because it was too far to
nurse: I'll check when I get home and I'll just call you if they're expired. That sounds good.
nurse: I thought I checked them but I was look at all of what I had. I think I would have remembered if it was expired. Who knows. I could have forgotten. Okay. Well, that sounds good.
nurse: I'm glad you were able to manage you on such a low dose. That's excellent. We'll be able to know more after a1c comes back. Last time it was a 6.6 and the time before a 6.4. Yeah you're doing great.
nurse: okay, so let me go through this real quick
nurse: I don't remember you taking this much blood last time. Last time we couldn't get the IV placed so we didn't have the intermittent ones.
nurse: The one where it was the four big vials
nurse: And we're not doing that this time. Okay. I'm looking at this one always kind of throws people off.
nurse: It is not your fault. It's just the way it's worded.
nurse: Yeah, some of those you got to read twice and make sure you answer right and these ones with the Scantron. They're a standardized because I think they send them away and then they go through a machine. Okay so the first one here. Do you take
nurse: any medications including over-the-counter medications such as and so the operative word is any and so you do take, so I would initial on this one okay and just fill in those three if you did it the last three days unless. Yes I take aspirin
nurse: That's okay. And then this one it tells you at the front end don't leave anything blank, but then here if you're in a wheel
nurse: chair on which days and so it is not supposed to asnwer
nurse: Okay, so
nurse: I don't make them up. I just give them.
nurse: And that's why we like to look over them real quick here.
nurse: Can I get you a magazine? No, I'm fine.
nurse: We have lots of paper here. I wouldn't want all your job. This is the part I like. I like the part with the patients and then paperwork part is not my favorite part. It's it's part of what we have to do.
nurse: It's just kind of a very interesting study especially for people who. We're having a little bucket of people over 60 that we're looking for that don't have diabetes.
nurse: I'm so this just talks about it and I'll just send it home.
nurse: We're looking for this age someone 60 or older. It's about a 2 week there are 2 visits. It's just a short little study and you wear a continuous glucose monitor
nurse: prick your fingers a certain number of times. And I mean and it's $100 stipend, you know, and so a little bit
patient: Christmas money. Not a lot. So I am going to go ahead and you some questions here.
nurse: I'll get your blood pressure in a few minutes after you've sat for a little bit longer. And you have been kind enough to be involved in the blood and urine. Thank you for doing that we're learning a lot from that
nurse: So you had a new diagnosis of high blood
nurse: pressure since your last visit. And you're on medications now. Have your has your Statin changed at all since your last visit your atorvastatin? No that has not changed.
nurse: And then I know these just from talking to you but I'm going to ask them anyhow okay. In the last 3 months. Have you had a heart attack or stroke? Congestive heart failure? Any vascular procedures done? Okay.
nurse: Are you taking anything out of the other than the glimepiride and the metformin that we've given you for your diabetes?
nurse: It shuts you down after a while, I just wanna get back into it.
nurse: Have you had a diagnosis of cancer since your last visit? Any kidney disease? Any diagnosis of pancreatitis? Any trips to the emergency room or the hospital since your last visit?
nurse: Any motor vehicle accidents? Weight loss procedure? Amputations?
nurse: Any diabetic eye disease? Do you get your eyes checked every year? Excellent. Any depression? Diagnosis of depression since your last visit? Have you had any treatment for depression like a therapy or medications at all?
nurse: How often do you drink alcoholic beverages. I have never, occasionally, daily, or weekly. And then in your entire life, have you ever smoked at least 100 tobacco cigarettes cigars or pipes?
nurse: Told you last year because otherwise, I would not be able to remember. And so I'd like to look
patient: That whole file's me? You know more about me than I do.
nurse: Isn't that funny? Just about your diabetes? Your diabetes and those things related to it.
nurse: Oh, okay. Sorry about the study it has.
nurse: Okay so I'll take that pink piece from you because they've closed that study. Sometimes they get up to a max or the manufacturer has has a stop date and
nurse: I didn't know I just saw them over there and I thought well I'd give that to you. We'll keep you in mind for the next time. Okay, so during the past 30 days. Have you smoked any cigarettes? During the past 30 days have you smoked any cigars or pipes?
nurse: And then would you consider yourself a former smoker? Okay, and then how many years did you smoke and I have six years written down here. Is that about right? Okay, and when you did you smoke between a half a pack and one pack correct? Okay.
nurse: And then you are a former smoker. Yep. And last year. You told me it was about 30 years ago you stop smoking. So now it's probably 31. Okay so we'll go with 31 this year. Alright.
nurse: So, have you had any overdose of any medications since your last visit? These are all questions I've either already asked you or you would have been in the hospital for. So let's talk about your metformin.
nurse: You do 2,000 mg total everyday, 500 in the morning and 1500 at night. And you sometimes forget you forgot one time.
patient: I've never forgotten except one time.
nurse: 1 time. So I'll mark it as once but I will
nurse: Mark it down as rarely do you forget. I try not to that's one thing I. I always carry it in my purse if I am away I know I can eat and take them.
nurse: And that's real life. So, it's not a big deal, and we wouldn't even know it if you
nurse: weren't such a good research patient. You're such a good research patient. You write it down you remember it. Some people are like
patient: no. I just I thought how did I forget that?
patient: I never forget to take my medication. You lay it out or it's right there on the counter so I see it.
nurse: And then you took all your metformin yesterday of course. Alright. Now taking study medication every day can be a real inconvenience. Do you feel hassled about taking your metformin? Okay, and I'm going to put never / rarely do you forget and that wasn't in the last 2 weeks was it?
nurse: And I write it in my book.
nurse: It was I think in the last 2 weeks.
patient: Forgot okay. I forgot on 18th of November. Forgot my am pills.
nurse: 18 floods
nurse: So that was over two weeks ago. Yeah. So I'll put 00 in there.
patient: Remember, I got to write everything down.
patient: I am the same way.
patient: Oh that you have to write everything down? We're gonna get a winter snow snap huh? Oh, yeah supposed to get tomorrow not a height of 20 when I got up this morning it was 44
patient: I know I put the dog out last night and it was like it was so nice. I went out in just a jacket yesterday.
patient: 50 degrees. I came in a sweater I put my coat in the car but I just wore my sweater.
nurse: Yeah, well, you know it will come fast and hard so it will come quickly.
nurse: But like my husband said this isn't normal. So then you start thinking oh boy. I can look at it as a little bit shorter winter then.
nurse: March and April are that much colder. My daughter's she cross country skiied in high school and there were two years where they had no we had no snow.
nurse: And so just to practice they had to go up to Theodore Wirth park where they make snow and just Elm Creek and you know we're down in Bloomington.
nurse: Yeah, it was it was disheartening and then that that fake snow was so hard. You know, it's not the same, you know and within the city of Bloomington. I was pretty cool they approved.
nurse: They approved doing
nurse: We have Highland Park there. It's at Three Rivers State Park or County Park.
nurse: And they approved putting in snow machines. And now our Bloomington team actually has a place to practice without driving across town, but that came after.
nurse: After you were done yeah after she was done but
nurse: And those were hard years and then another year she was one of our coldest years in like recent history.
nurse: And I was like holy smokes it's cold out here
patient: I hate it. I don't I like it stay around 20 and no wind and I don't mind that I hate when it gets below zero. Yeah, you don't want to leave the house. You don't you're afraid you're going to break down.
patient: Now that I'm getting older you think about it more. When I was younger it didn't
patient: bother me. But now you're getting close to 70 dude you should be a little bit more careful. Do you have triple A. No but I have Ron.
nurse: He's there.
nurse: Where you just don't have to go out and you know, and that's the beauty of being retired I hope. Is that you know, you can reschedule that reschedule that appointment.
nurse: That's why I'm giving you a little extra medication this time too, cuz we'll be due for your visit and I think it's in March and of course, you know, we got our winter March
patient: storms. Well we made this appointment we said what if iit snows. Haven't seen much. Let me dash this over to the lab and I'll be right back.
nurse: So Vera looked online and she didn't see any of any extra labs ordered by your. Okay. So maybe the the panel, you know, the lipid panel along with kidney function and the A1C would be all.
patient: Do you check my cholesterol one? We do. Okay, so that would be the only other thing I think you would check. The cholesterol, the kidneys, and then your A1C.
nurse: Okay, so we'll get back to this now with the glimepiride and you forgot to take it one time. Okay?
patient: I don't think I should take it. I didn't think of it till noon. So I thought. I'm just going to skip this
nurse: morning. I think you were fine with skipping it. Let's see. That was just weird. I rarely forget my morning. It's been a year you just take it.
nurse: so you took all of you, you took your glimepiride yesterday and you haven't ever cut back on it for any reason without us talking. Taling study meds again can be an inconvenience when considering a
nurse: prick your finger and check your blood sugars. Do you feel inconvenienced about this treatment plan?
nurse: All right.
patient: That's one thing. I forget. I'm I almost forget to is pricking my finger before I eat at dinner time. It's okay if it's just me and Ron but if we have company or something I shoot I gotta go in the other quick do it.
nurse: Okay, so then I'm going to give you
nurse: the extended release metformin and I'm giving you four bottles and you already have two at home because I think I gave you extra in case you couldn't come so now we're going to do the same thing, basically, okay.
nurse: And then we're not going to adjust your glimiperide now. Okay. We'll see what your A1C is and
nurse: add the 1.5 mg in the morning.
nurse: I just give you a 1 mg bottle.
nurse: So during the past month, did you routinely check your blood sugars? That's yes, and you did it every day? So 7 days a week and when you did it, it was usually two times a day.
nurse: In the past week. Did you monitor your blood sugars for any reason that because you felt unwell or thought that you were blood sugars were too high or too?
nurse: And then this was asking for how many
nurse: Prescription medications you are on besides what I've given you so it's just the atorvastatin and lisinopril so two prescription medications other than what we give you.
patient: Yeah my cholesterol and the high blood pressure. And then I take
nurse: And the baby aspirin, okay. So during the past three months. How many times did you make a telephone call to a healthcare provider, can be like a nurse line or the healthcare provider, telephone call about a health issue or?
patient: I don't think I had any in the last 3 months. It's all been my husband. I can't count on two hands how many times we've called for him.
nurse: How about doing online portal or email or anything like that? Although I think our one daughter wants Ron to sign up. So I think when we go tomorrow we're going to sign up.
nurse: So then since your last visit with me you saw dr. Showalter one-time and then you were in with the nurse to get your blood pressure checked. Okay, and so then
nurse: any other Dental appointments or
patient: Oh, yeah I'm getting a tooth pulled tomorrow. Oh that's tomorrow. Okay. Oh bummer. I was to the dentist a month ago. Okay.
patient: it's been a bad and it doesn't really hurt but it's got a crack and
patient: One one the last one on the top left and there's no tooth under it. So it's not it's not a useful tooth and I have some heavy dental work that's going to have to be done in front. And so we thought we'll get this small one done now.
patient: So I'm gonna do that tomorrow and then
patient: this one up here has something wrong with it and he says
patient: I don't need kind of warns me like it might come out or whatever, but I'm eventually going to have to either have a bridge or something because it's dead and it's not so good tooth anymore.
patient: I picked a bad time to get my tooth pulled but whatever.
patient: Got a busy week and I want to be.
nurse: So have you been to the dentist in the last 3 months then to identify that? I go twice a year. So you were recently there in November. A month ago. That appointment and then how about your eye appointment.
patient: Go every spring every I think that was in the spring, but I go every year.
nurse: Okay, so we only have your doctor appointment with dr. Showalter and then your dental appointment so just two appointments. That was the last 3 months, right? Yeah, cuz I had went to the foot doctor.
nurse: During the past three months. How many days have you missed from this household activities or daily activities due to illness or injury?
nurse: Out of your day. Have you been sick that you know, in the last 3 months how about doctors visits and stuff? So maybe between seeing me and seeing your primary care doctor and your dentist. Would that be maybe a half a day or a full day? I mean that's travel to and from
patient: day when I got one like four hours here.
nurse: But in the last three months. So a half a day for now. Next month we can do.
nurse: Next time we can do that. Alrighty.
nurse: And then this I can do later. That's the beautiful thing about that I can do that later.
nurse: Any weight loss medications? And you do your aspirin everyday. I already asked you that. Any hormonal treatments? Any atypical antipsychotics at all. Any vitamin B-12 supplements? And I think today was a
nurse: today is the day we were gonna check that? I don't know. Let me look.
nurse: Yep we checked your vitamin B-12 levels today, okay, and I will let you know what that is. Okay. Okay, whenever we get the. Just sometimes people on Metformin for a long time can sometimes have
nurse: lower B-12 level. It can sometimes cause you a little bit tired, can cause a little bit
nurse: numbness or tingling in your feet, and I know you have that anyhow, with neuropathy, so it might be hard to identify that and they think that
nurse: The thought is that with metformin if your on Metformin even though it's still the best Frontline medication for people with type 2 diabetes it can sometimes cause a malabsorption of the B-12 when you eat you know
nurse: absorb through your stomach. And so we'll probably if it does come back depending on how low it is if it's pretty low we'll check it again in 6 months if it's just a little bit low
nurse: We'll just say maybe you want to start a B-12 supplement. You can pick it up at Costco or Sam's Club or Walgreens or anyplace and it's pretty inexpensive. At Costco I saw 400 tablets for less than 20 dollars well that's a year and a half of
nurse: Tablet once a day and they're just little tiny things so don't bother theyre not. Yeah like the metformin. And so that I'll let you know more about that whenever the time comes.
nurse: And then you've done have you done any steroids in the last three months? Okay and you don't do an inhaler like Flonase or anything correct? All right, and then have you taken anything for depression or anxiety?
nurse: Okay. Alright so I'm done with that part for now. I know this is one of the bigger rooms. Alright.
nurse: So I want to
nurse: I'll get your blood pressure. Before you get up and move just sit right there.
nurse: So do you feel safe in your living environment? Any barriers to your care at all?
nurse: You've had the medication on board for now about an hour now so that should be impacting your blood sugars for you in a good way. My sugars or my pressures?
nurse: Blood pressure sorry. I thought what are we taking here? We got blood all over.
nurse: And if I don't like how this fits then I may okay let's go with that. Just relax. Pretend you're at the beach listening to the
nurse: waves. Watching the snow? So I've got to pump up at least twice and if it's a little bit high I'll go the third time but I want you to just sit quietly for a few minutes here.
nurse: What's the top number? 149.
nurse: Does that bother you when that squeezes your arm?
patient: I mean I can stand it but it hurts. We're gonna just stop
nurse: Your second one was higher and I've noticed that before
nurse: That yours gets higher whenever you get them some people get lower yours gets higher.
nurse: And so we'll just go with the first one which was 149 over 75. Okay and then your second one was 159 over 71 and sometimes when it's uncomfortable it can can it cause you to
nurse: Say, you know, you're if it's bringing your blood pressure down within an hour, and so it might have been even a little bit higher had you not taking your blood pressure medication.
nurse: Here's your letter.
nurse: Another book. And this is just a little thank you for coming in.
nurse: Today. And this is just letting you know that in the next four to six weeks. You'll be getting a check in the mail from Park Nicollet or from Health Partners. Not Park Nicollet, Health Partners.
nurse: in regards to your visit today, and I never know how much it is is because everybody's different.
nurse: depending on what they've
patient: Anything's a surprise. I got a letter in the first part of November saying we forgot to pay you.
patient: We'll just send you a check for $25 in a couple weeks. There you go there you go. We eventually get to it you know it's just. Well when you don't know it's kind of a surpise
nurse: Well that's kind of interesting because there's so many little pieces to the study and for each little piece that you do you get paid a little extra. And so you're doing the beta cell so you can pay a little extra for the beta cell and then a little later so you can pay a little extra for those emotional you know the depression.
nurse: But once about depression questions that we do so I'm going to go ahead and put your med in here, okay.
nurse: Everything is kinda in here. I can fit it in my bag. All right. I'm going to keep two of the
nurse: That one's not mine.
nurse: Yeah well those are the little lancets and you said you have a box of them at home. I said on my list I have a box
patient: You have a box. How often do you change them? Oh at least once a day here let me send these with you. That's okay I change it every night usually
patient: Monday or the morning and evening and then I usually right away change them. The the next time I come in I'll bring you all my dirty ones in my little container.
nurse: Yep one more to do but I'm going to go ahead and have to come over and we're going to your foot exam now, okay?
nurse: Did you need to use the restroom yet? Alrighty. Well, I don't know how it's easier for you if you want to take your shoes off?
nurse: Socks off here. So you said you had a question about your feet?
patient: Okay see this spot that's where I had that infection. Right and it's like I said, it's all healed up, but it still hurts sometimes.
patient: Yeah I see that. You still have a blood blister. Looks like a scab.
patient: I mean, it doesn't drain or bleed anymore, but every once in a while, I can feel that it's there.
patient: Nails are so hard on my feet. I had that fungus stuff.
nurse: Yeah, see that that would be something that I would probably go into my doctor and have
patient: Well that's what I thought I'd wait till I have another appointment.
nurse: When do you see him again?
patient: I thought he went. I can't remember but he gave me 90 days. So I figured that in three months I'll have to go back. So if he renews my blood pressure stuff. That was almost right after I was here last time so it should be getting close to it
patient: Now do you see your primary for this or do you see. Well, I don't know cuz you know, I went to doctor F. He's the one that got it better.
patient: They sent me there but so I don't know if I should go back to him or to my doctor. Yeah, that was.
patient: I mean it doesn't hurt there the toe just kind of hurts. it's a lot better than it was but it's still not the way it's supposed to be, I don't think.
patient: Right foot right big toe. Yeah, I need to do a few things to you too. So you can take keep that off and let me take this one off.
nurse: And I'll go ahead and do the rest of my what I need to do here. Okay. Thank you. If you want me to put these just down here for you, okay? Just relax your foot here. Alrighty so
patient: How are you getting this cleaned up here? I have a manicurist lady comes in and cleans my toenails and stuff. And that whole toenail was dead. Is she trained in diabetes foot care? Well she always asks me
nurse: But she comes into your house and does it for you? Okay? I mean before she started my nails were about this thick
patient: Is this from her? No, I bumped him. I bumped my toes. She did not do that. I don't know what I did but
patient: Cuz she said what did you do to your toes here. She checks them before she starts. She said that was there. So I hit him on something
patient: Yeah I ran into something. Did they bleed much?
patient: They never bled just bruised.
nurse: definitely something that you
patient: got going there. I hit the chair or. We always worry about
nurse: See I don't have a little measuring thing so I drew a picture somewhere. Might as well.
patient: left arm right in the middle. Hopefully I can remember that
nurse: That's okay that's our job to remember. You had one here. Yeah a little sore a long time ago
patient: Yeah, it is still bigger than this one.
nurse: sometimes
patient: It doesn't hurt when you press on it or anything. I mean I can just be out walking in my regular shoes and all of a sudden, you know that there is something
patient: So it's usually when you're walking. Yeah pretty much when I'm walking about. Just a little piercing pain. It doesn't hurt a lot, but I know it's there.
nurse: It was for a long time but it's not anymore. When it was infected it was hot.
nurse: I'm gonna just get your next lab draw and then get that part done. You can sit right there
nurse: You doing okay just sitting up there? Alrighty
nurse: This will be your last lab draw. Wow. Yeah
nurse: You guys got any plans for your afternoon?
patient: Gotta stop at Menards on the way home. Okay. Should go get some groceries. I don't know if I'll do that today or not.
nurse: Mernards the man store. That's what my husband says. They got a lot go stuff there. He comes home with toys for the dog. You tell me I spoil the dog but you spoil the dog.
nurse: I don't drink coffee. You know, I don't either but I love the smell of it. But it's okay. Is Ron a coffee drinker?
patient: He loves his coffee. You do tea or anything? No. I'm a pop drinker that's my fault. Put that on that too. You do the diet pop? Yeah
patient: I've got to give everything else up I have to give that up too?
nurse: At least it's diet pop and so you're good. Ron says it's gonna kill me.
nurse: And you know, we know what diabetes can do to our bodies. So when people tell me that as a diabetes educator. Well there has been studies done with lab animals
nurse: stuff with high doses of those artificial secret artificial medications
patient: And so that's usually my take. That's what I figured I didn't smoke I don't drink why can't I have a glass of pop every once in a while. I don't have caffeine so when I drink I drink
nurse: It does. Yeah so does mine. You know I don't have any other caffeine
nurse: I don't I can't advocate for it I'm just saying I drink diet pop. When we have our gatherings here it's wine and diet pop and water.
nurse: Okay so this is the little filament and I'm gonna do that on your big toe. And I want me to tell me can you cound for me everytime you feel it? Count to ten? How long it takes for me to feel it? No just when you feel it. Okay
patient: Tell me when you feel it. I'll count just tell me when you feel it. Running it along or are you poking it? You're not feeling it at all? That's okay.
nurse: This is the one that is vibrating so I have the palm of your hand for a moment. So that's just solid okay? And this is vibration, can you feel that? So I'm gonna put this on your big toe and when it stops vibrating let me know.
nurse: Come one in. Hello this is
nurse: That's okay. That's alright, then I'm going to do.
nurse: Okay tell me when it stops.
nurse: I should thank you for coming down. I'm just going to do this and then I'll finish up.
nurse: Relax your knee. Are you relaxing your knee? I'll try that later
nurse: So she has had a history of ulcers. This is the one that has been healed but it still gives her pain and if you compare the two tolls.
nurse: swollen and reddened. But this is better than it was certainly. Get your opinion on that.
nurse: Are you careful about not having any pressure on the end of that?
nurse: Okay. When did it heal up? When did it close? September?
patient: It's better definitely is better than it was. Since September would you say that the swelling has gone down?
patient: It's gone down a little. I mean it was really really big in the beginning. Like I told Connie every once in awhile. I can just feel like there's something
patient: In there, and so I didn't. Usually when she's walking or being active she can feel kind of a piercing pain. I mean not a lot.
nurse: Who took care of the? Okay I would recommend calling their office and just describing that. They may want to do an x-ray just to take a look at.
nurse: Anything else going on in there? I don't know that it's actually this that you know. She has a manicurist come in and do her nails into her home
nurse: This is nail and this is tissure. It looks kind of like it was black and blue that it was all dead
nurse: The nail so the thickened nail
nurse: Just every once in a while. I know it's been there. The sore has been there. And not real obvious. I suppose.
nurse: I think I would just follow up with the pediatrist. Either make an appointment to go in or just talk with the nurse or whoever takes the information and can just kind of give them your story and then they can decide whether they want to see you or get an x-ray first and then see you.
patient: I'll meet you after the holidays. Do you have your husband sitting out there? He left for a while to run some errands. I don't know if he's back. I'm just about done I think.
nurse: Hanging around all day. Happy holidays. Thank you. You're welcome.
nurse: Thank you, Marsha. I really appreciate a set of eyes.
nurse: That's wonderful to have her here. Alright. Thank you. You're welcome. I think we're all done there.
patient: So yeah, it'd be good to. Well that's what I was wondering just told her to wait until after Christmas. I have too much to do.
nurse: That's how kids are wearing their boots now. Boots up and boots on and. We need to get this out though.
nurse: Where do you want me on the desk? That's fine there. Yeah, so then what I'd like to have you do is to put a little pressure on this.
nurse: Started at 8:30 right? Let me see if I can do this here.
nurse: Is that okay?
nurse: 8:30 so it's not quite 3 hours. So that's pretty good. You know for going upstairs and
nurse: Coming down and just sent the other thing
nurse: He thought it was 4 hours. You might be waiting a little while.
patient: He'll be I'm sure he's out there waiting.
nurse: Is he kind of like an on time guy? Yeah pretty much. He's like me he likes to be early.
nurse: Okay. Okay. And so then yeah.
nurse: Well it looks like the drive in did pretty good for you today. We didn't have hardly any traffic. That's great. We came at a busy time. We left a little early cuz we thought oh we're gonna be backed up for a while and
patient: Flew right through. Were you down in the did you go get coffee or something ffirst? So the timing was good. We left home at 7:30.
patient: And you guys got here probably we pulled into the ramp at 8:00. And so that's what it usually takes us on a normal day. Yeah so see this is just a flexible a little flexible
nurse: Isn't that amazing? It's just the initial little trick to get it in. It wasn't that bad.
nurse: It's very nice. I appreciate when they can help us out with more challenging ones. So we'll just put some pressure on that that will help to keep it from
nurse: from
nurse: bruising and it looks good.
nurse: Didn't look swollen or anything like that so that's good. Alright so while we're having you put a little pressure on that I'm going to go ahead and get the schedule for your next visit how's that sound?
nurse: 15 months. So we try to get you in with the provider at your next visit. It could be Marsha or it could be one of the other doctors that we have here. When Marsha isn't doing. She's the study coordinator but she's a nurse practitioner too and she's done research for many years in diabetes
nurse: So when she's not in here seeing a research patient, she's right next door in Endo seeing patients with type 1 and type 2 and gestational diabetes. And so it's like diabetes has her whole game you know so she's very
nurse: Part of our team. That's why it was nice to have her get you started when I was trying
nurse: Take care of some other things there. So we're talking mid March. Do you want to do the 10? What time do you like do you like the 10:30 one?
nurse: 10:30 visit and then you can do lunch afterwards? How long is the next one? The next one will just be it will be like a quarterly visit with just a doctor seeing you. An hour I would say and hour fifteen minutes and hour twenty minutes.
patient: 10:30 the first thing you have open?
nurse: Have morning once available too. I usually try to do about an 8 or an 8:30, and then I do a later morning one because then I can do two in one day. Would 10:00 work better? Okay, let me look at the doctor's schedule and see what we have here.
nurse: You know and again it will be one that you'll be seeing a doctor. They sometimes they look at your report.
nurse: It's a great time to ask questions. And again, you know if your foot if you have a question on your foot if you don't have your.
nurse: A doctor look at that for you. Alrighty. What day of the week works best for you? Monday, Tuesdays usually, I guess any day. Or any day? Okay.
patient: What day we talkin about? Well, I have a Friday.
nurse: one open on the 16th. At 10 in the morning? Yeah March 16th at 10 in the morning
nurse: Would a Friday work for you maybe? The I could have you see doctor Carlson at that visit. Cuz I know he's in that day cuz I have another patient seeing him earlier in the morning. So would that maybe work for you?
nurse: Or if if Friday doesn't work at all for you, let me know. I'll look at a different date. I can I can look at.
nurse: The 14th. Or possibly. Clinic he works everyday.
nurse: He's our principal investigator. If you want to see doctor V Monday the 12th we could do that.
patient: That's fine whatever Monday's fine. Monday works best maybe? Is that when Ron gets his appointments and stuff too? I don't know what, hopefully he's about done, he's got one in March.
patient: No he's got one in January with Dr. Durkin, Durkin her name is. No, so I don't think he has any scheduled for March.
nurse: so if he needs to schedule one he can schedule usually on Mondays
nurse: If that works for you. I aim to please. We'll just kind of give me a call that morning
nurse: Well, as I always say if you ever get a bill for one of your grade visits, don't pay it. Let us know right away and we
nurse: Probably heard shua's voice or talked to shua the other day. She's our new research
nurse: assistant for the grade study. And so you'll be hearing more from Shua
nurse: Call you with her appointment reminder, okay? Do you have any questions for me at all?
nurse: I don't think so. Monday at 10:00. 90 minutes just because I think it will probably be less than that. Depends on how long you talk to the doctor.
nurse: you know what if he wants to look at your foot and different things like that, so
nurse: That's that's one of those things that we wanna allow enough time in case that's
nurse: so here's this. Here you go. And I'll get your umbrella.
nurse: We have everything Judy. You have your meds. We have the IV out.That's good. You wouldn't want to take that home.
nurse: And you're feeling okay? Alright.
patient: I gotta end this message. Tell him we're going home.
nurse: The visit is now complete and the current local time is 11:24 in the morning.
