nurse: We are going to start today's grade study visit today is December 13th, 2017 in the current local time is 6:23 a.m.
nurse: My name is bus Basmat Itali and I am the coordinator for the great study site one 7-0.
nurse: I'm a grade study participant with the ID number 1 7 0 - 0 2 5 3 and 'she given permission to have this visit recorded. There are no other people coming.
nurse: This exam room with the participant this is an annual visit and the visit number is 12.
nurse: All right. So you do this I'll get this closer to you so we can.
nurse: Get the urine sample if you have to go.
nurse: have you been ill or had major surgery within the
nurse: The past 7-Day and when was the last time you ate yesterday? And did you eat any unusual diet in the past three days smoke within the past hour, exercise vigorously in the past 8 hours?
nurse: Consumed any alcohol in the past 8 hours?
nurse: Did you work overnight? And did you take any oral or injected steroids within the past 2 weeks? Did you take your metformin or should have looked in this morning?
nurse: Did you check your blood sugar at all? No, I did not so get ready. Okay. So urine sample, are you ready?
nurse: All right, and just leave it in the bathroom and I'll meet you back here. I'll go get the meter to check your blood
nurse: And then one of the participants.
nurse: It was really neat.
patient: Okay.
nurse: If not we cancan get some more urine sample. Later.
nurse: Okay, so let's check your blood sugar. I'll get blankets and stuff. I have plenty of blankets don't worry. Let's check your blood sugar so find a finger and clean it.
nurse: And here we go.
nurse: Hold this against your finger and press really hard on the blue trigger.
patient: Okay.
nurse: That's a good one.
nurse: 122
nurse: What's lets put a Band-Aid so it sets just did I get it? I miss it and I have been putting it.
nurse: 122
nurse: I need to check your blood pressure. I will check your
nurse: weight, and then
nurse: We'll do the neuropathy test check your feet and then we'll I will start the IV start the IV we'll draw a sample.
nurse: so samples for the grade
nurse: Study and then samples for the beta. Remember your part of the beta study. We'll draw those and then have you drink the sugary drink.
nurse: And then draw samples at different interval over two hours while you're hooked up to the IV and comfortable and hopefully snuggled in warmth of your questionnaires to complete.
nurse: When we're done with the oral glucose tolerance test will take the catheter out will give you breakfast and coffee you want and then you'll be on your way.
patient: All right thank you for coming in early.
nurse: So, let's see when you have one check today for $85 because it is the $35 that you get at every visit which is 25 honorarium and 10 Transportation plus $25 because we're drawing the samples for the beta cell.
nurse: Plus $25 cuz we have you fill out a very thick um
nurse: questionnaire about you know
patient: This time I know its gonna happen
patient: I paid for it though.
nurse: Here, let me get you one bottle of Metformin. So the Metformin, Jerome, is donated
nurse: medication is donated
nurse: Companies donating one bottle 100 tablet bottle. So not the two hundred big ones that we just got you one cuz when you called me with how many you have be good if for whatever reason you feel you're running low just call
patient: Full bottle of the metformin and a 30 bottle of the Januvia. I mean, I just opened in 95
patient: Refill 90 and 30. So you end up with 120. We really see you every 90 days. So that's good. And your A1C is been doing really good. So what did I do
nurse: So we'll see what it is today and we are going to be retesting your vitamin B
patient: That's almost 3 months.
nurse: Well since I told you your levels were low it was 6 months.
nurse: Because we we my God. Yeah, we tested at your semi-annual and your annual.
nurse: So let's take the blood pressure. You can just take your right sleeve out.
nurse: on this shelf
patient: Okay, yeah.
nurse: So you're sitting nice and comfy both feet on the floor.
nurse: Okay, so
nurse: Five minutes when I come back. I'm going to take two readings with 1 minute rest in between
nurse: No Talking until I'm done. Thank you.
nurse: rent at 113 / 71 + 112 / 72
nurse: All right there on let's go get your weight.
nurse: And if you want to empty your pocket shoes off either here or by the scale.
nurse: I'm going to just get the blood pressure machine out.
nurse: All right ready?
nurse: All right. So Jerome if you can take your socks off and have a safe right here between these two bars so I can get your ankle reflex.
nurse: Now Jerome.
patient: uh 2000.
patient: Milligram and how about they said of leptin or Januvia 100?
patient: 10 milligrams
patient: Lipitor 40.
nurse: Anything else? Oh the yeah.
nurse: Let me write this.
nurse: I like to say this ride is for free.
nurse: And a little bit. I want your knee hanging there. Your perfect so don't help me. I'm going to try to get an ankle reflex. Are you ticklish on your foot so that you're not tickle?
nurse: the other one
nurse: Thank you. Same thing.
nurse: All right. Now you can lay down.
nurse: I was here if they're too much we can take one out. I want to make sure you
nurse: All right. I'm going to check you feet Jerome.
nurse: really good
nurse: You need to take care of your feet.
nurse: I know thank God. I haven't seen in real life all these gory pictures.
nurse: diabetic feet
nurse: It is one time. We had a presentation and it happened to be right after lunch. Of course, they're showing all of these.
nurse: I am so sorry. I didn't realize they put me right after
nurse: Yeah can be really really bad.
nurse: All right, the tuning fork. I'm going to make it vibrate and we're going to place the tip on your big toe knuckle. So I want you to close your eyes Jerome tell me if you feel any vibrations and then tell me when the vibrations stop, okay?
patient: Yes.
nurse: Yes.
nurse: Last thing.
nurse: I'm going to go buy this stiff fishing line and just poke around by your big toenail.
nurse: I'm going to ask you to bend your knees place your feet on the bed and close your eyes. Every time you feel a poke or pressure say yes, if you don't do anything don't say anything.
patient: Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
nurse: Excellent. Let's switch.
nurse: All right. Here we go.
patient: Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
nurse: Great, perfect.
nurse: I'm going to get ready for.
nurse: But the IV in so I can get a hold of the nurse
nurse: I'll get you a couple of.
nurse: And then for the sugary drink do you want lemon?
nurse: Orange.
nurse: And then I'm gonna put the head of the bed a little higher so you're more comfortable.
nurse: I'm going to keep it doubled up so that it's, I wish we had a warmer. You know, those are really really nice.
patient: Yeah?
nurse: It is just oh- it is awesome. I tell you.
patient: Asolutely. And we can always take some off if you get too toasty.
nurse: Hi.
nurse: Yes.
nurse: No swearing too that's right!
nurse: My name is Heidi I'm the RA. What's your name? Jerome Jerome fearon?
nurse: This is his one year anniversary.
nurse: I have to put that. I hold the bed up a little bit.
nurse: still here
nurse: So Jerome is also a nurse Heidi.
nurse: Oh that adds pressure. No, but he doesn't like needles, I used to be in charge of giving the flu shots to employees biggest babies in the world.
patient: The only thing I know you ain't got nothing to do with that.
patient: I can give people, or poke them. But if I'm being poked it's a different story.
patient: What kind of nursing do you do?
nurse: Actually, you can relax cuz I got some more prouder to do.
nurse: Where do you work?
nurse: Okay.
nurse: I'm just going to
nurse: Can feel as big as I just can't see it very well.
nurse: Your warm Jerome?
nurse: Gel, I know part of part of the measurements. We doing the studies to measure the waist.
nurse: Circumference? Oh I try and keep my hand warm
nurse: Yeah, when you go there that would be hard.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: You know, you can relax.
nurse: Thought I saw some fluid fly near your face.
nurse: I bring it all the way down. Usually if you see how you go.
nurse: Yay. Thanks Heidi. Thank you.
nurse: I will take your
nurse: Have a good visit. Thank you.
nurse: Come on in.
nurse: Thanks for hanging out with us so early in the morning.
nurse: Was really good.
nurse: Are you hungry? I think I'm going to.
nurse: I think it's just you.
nurse: You have any plans for the holiday season?
patient: Okay that's good. Cause it get's a little crazy sometimes too.
nurse: I'll be right back.
nurse: That's funny cuz I'm here anywhere between 5:30 to 5:45.
nurse: Almost everybody else starts rolling around 6:30.
nurse: Where is already started? What time do you wake up? I live in Bellevue. So I wake up at 5.
patient: Is not bad at all. I like it.
patient: Yeah, on the way down here I was like. What time should I leave around 5:55 or 5:45? And it's like well traffic. Should that be I don't think there's any traffic at all about 15 minutes to get here. So that's that wasn't bad at all.
nurse: No and see going when I leave there's traffic go back to the east side and I noticed a while back. I started noticing that I'm grinding my teeth on the drive back because it's still like
patient: That's how bad the traffic is.
nurse: Sometimes it's fine. And other times it's just, you're stuck.
nurse: Now I pay more attention to what I'm doing.
nurse: And I stopped.
nurse: That is definitely not a good movie.
nurse: Do you take 90?
nurse: When I live right off of 90, it's a mile.
nurse: Basically up the hill. I live in Somerset. Okay, so it's a mile up the hill from from I-90. So it's really nice and convenient.
patient: Okay.
patient: Don't usually go Bellevue cuz I don't want to pay the toll.
patient: Like it cuz I'm closer to 5:20 is if I take 405 and I'll go up North and then go around 4:05. If I don't have to go to Bellevue or that way. I'm just
nurse: I hear you. I hear you can do really expensive. Oh my God.
patient: just want to get that started.
nurse: All right.
nurse: I can get you water if you want to rinse your palate afterword.
nurse: 75 grams.
nurse: Participants are like, can I drink something else?
nurse: Definitely not just this one just this special one.
patient: Alright. Thank you.
nurse: Soon as I label these syringes I will get you water.
patient: is that the same kind they give to pregnant women?
nurse: I believe so, I believe so. I have a participant who had gestational diabetes and she said yes now.
nurse: The flavors that we have right now are run alignment orange. There's another study that we're doing in the clinic. They have like a
nurse: Berry flavor, too. So yeah, it's dumb it kind of depends.
patient: I know it's so much you just feel like.
nurse: You feel like you wanna gag.
patient: It's a treat for me like it on the amount of sugar that I eat the whole year. I can't control it. So I just get this one.
nurse: This is an okay time, so the water is going to be cold cuz it's out of the fridge.
patient: I will be right back.
nurse: There you go.
patient: When is the study research going to be finished?
nurse: We're in this for 21 yeras. It will be seven and a half years.
nurse: Originally, it was going to be for 7 years.
nurse: And we wanted to get 5,000 people across the United States for $46.
nurse: Recruitment was very very very difficult very difficult.
patient: I bet it's in the country. It's sad some areas.
nurse: Are have a lot more, you know, like in the South they will not more people. I felt that in the northwest.
nurse: People were trying to move away from medication. The one they would call when they hear about it. It's like
nurse: Okay. So what what is it involved when we say, you know, you should be on Metformin and then you added that can medication that look like now I'm trying to get off metformin medication.
nurse: They wanted more of a lifestyle.
nurse: bad actually so that kind of
nurse: Turn people away and when they hear about an injectable.
nurse: Some would be totally against injectables and some would be oh it's fine, but then they hear insulin and it's like, oh, no because I remember my grandma was an insulin and then you want me to take a street. Thank you.
nurse: And you know, she she got blind and.
nurse: She didn't blame because she's on insulin she got behind because you didn't take care of her diabetes. So it was just it was a struggle so they extended the recruitment.
nurse: By 6 months and that got us to 5047 participants cuz I was good. So that's why we extended it to
patient: but if they get a good representation for each part of the country
nurse: Yeah, we did we did. You know, there's always a good there's always what we want.
nurse: Yeah, but it's all good.
nurse: Now we're cruising the our site. We wanted the plan was to get a hundred and fifty and we ended up with a hundred and ten.
nurse: but still, you know
nurse: Not what we were striving.
nurse: yeah, I guess it's just the
patient: The lifestyle against just for that live in North Carolina people over there are just not as active as people over here. And so it's a stroke belt of the country. And of course in his trophy have read a patient have dialysis.
patient: Kidney, and then of course diabetes, and I guess that's why you have a lot of people over there.
nurse: yeah and the you know, New York area too
nurse: Its its people that don't have access also to healthcare. So there's no
patient: I'm still kind of surprised that you know United States as it is Healthcare is not afforded to everybody. You know, it's just crazy.
nurse: And I think for us coming from third world countries
patient: Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
patient: Might be shy what sounds like you just don't know how blessed you are over here.
patient: You know in the Philippines it's not as easy. As you think that people like only got like this and it sounds like you were complaining but you are getting the most that you can you know, he's just going to know how it is outside the United States, so
nurse: come on in
nurse: and 702
patient: I remember one time in North Carolina. I asked my manager and we used before like the vials of insulin.
nurse: We give our patients each patients each each patient.
patient: So we get the insulin. It wasn't like the pharmacies draw it or something and they finish that I would you are Against the Wind. You just seen a double check with other nurse and it's not much. I'm going to give them and they go home. We don't send.
patient: You don't need those who doesn't who can't afford to get this who needs it and she's like no Jerome. I wish I
patient: Say yes, but I can't I don't I think it's against policy.
patient: I'm just going to give you those who are in need.
patient: but it's
nurse: Baked goods that are left over in a I get thrown away.
patient: Can't even feed at least once a day and we're wasting a lot of food.
nurse: It is it's it's that it's really sad definitely assess the situation so bad cuz I don't want you to decide to hop off.
nurse: Are you comfortable this way? Do you want the head of the bed back or alright? Okay, so
nurse: We start with our fun fun fun questions.
nurse: All right. So Jerome since your last visit, have you been diagnosed with high blood pressure? Have you started on any new medication?
nurse: To treat high blood pressure. Have you been diagnosed with high cholesterol medications to treat high cholesterol?
nurse: Have you had a heart attack if you had a stroke if you had have you been diagnosed with heart failure if you started on any new medications to treat heart failure. Have you had any vascular procedure? Are you taking any diabetes medication other than what we provided?
nurse: Have you been diagnosed with cancer since your last visit have you started on treatment for cancer? Have you been diagnosed with kidney disease are increased protein in the urine have you started on dialysis services do kidney transplants? Have you been diagnosed with pancreatitis?
nurse: If you had motor vehicle accident in which you are the driver since your last visit you had weight-loss procedure. Have you had any amputation?
nurse: You've been diagnosed with depression since your last visit to receive any treatment for depression.
nurse: How often do you drink alcoholic beverages" Never, occasionally weekly or daily. Have you smoked at least a hundred cigarrets, tobacco, smoke products this past year? Again, since your last visit
nurse: Have you had any acute life-threatening event any hospitalization persistent or significant in capacity?
nurse: event resulting from an overdose of any medication
nurse: Severe hypoglycemia, somebody had to help you take care of yourself after dosis lactic acidosis pancreatitis thyroid cancer that you're taking the study
nurse: Forget to take your metformin. What's your dose again?
nurse: No, have you ever cut back or stop taking it without telling us when you travel or leave home? Do you forget to bring it along? Did you take it yesterday when you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control. Do you sometimes stop taking it?
nurse: Taking study medication every day is a real inconvenience for some people. Do you ever feel hassle bothered about sticking to treatment plant?
nurse: How often would you say you forget to take all your metformin never / rarely once in awhile?
nurse: I hear you.
nurse: Do you wanna do the draw?
nurse: Yeah.
nurse: Yeah, that's a lot.
patient: buildings around the area
nurse: Want to do your waist first, Samantha? Yes, I was like
patient: I'm good. I'm good now.
patient: Actually, I'll try to text as cold as it was last year, but I think it'a going to get colder next week.
nurse: Ground has been freezing lately.
patient: Hopefully no snow this year.
nurse: I hope that I am not I am not looking forward to it cuz I did get stuck last year.
nurse: and my my street
nurse: But there's just the tiny grade of downhill that when I back out of my driveway.
nurse: I have taken so it's empty now. They don't clean the side street.
nurse: All right, Jerome people sometimes forget to take their study meds or take less than was ordered. How many times in the last 2 weeks? Did you miss or skip any of your metformin dosage?
nurse: Same questions for the Januvia. Do you sometimes forget to take your to moving? Have you ever cut back or stop taking it without telling you?
nurse: When you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control. Do you sometimes stop taking taking study medication every day is a real inconvenience for some people. Do you ever feel household father?
nurse: How often would you say you forget to take all your Januvia never / rarely in the past 2 weeks. Did you miss any?
nurse: You're not getting any GI upset from the metformin.
nurse: Did you routinely check your blood sugars? And on average how many days per week did you check it?
patient: maybe like before
nurse: And on the days that you checked it. How many times per day? Did you check it? Did you monitor your blood sugar is because you feel unwell or thought that you could have a low or high.
nurse: During the past three months. How many times did you call a non grade study health care provider for a health issue or concern phone call? How about communicate with a non grade study healthcare provider via email text online portal.
patient: The outside grade. I know I talk to my doctor about the B12.
nurse: So that was communicating.
nurse: And how many visits did you have other than grade in the past 3 months to a doctor's office Hospital Clinic Urgent Care optometrist dentist podiatrist any of that?
nurse: During the past three months. How many days have you missed from school?
nurse: work or household activities
nurse: Just once?
nurse: I have a a binder Jerome that has information like standard diabetes education about eye health, you know food shopping Kidney Health things like that. Are you interested in looking through it? You can kind of tab things and I can make copies for you.
nurse: Do you take any medication for high blood pressure? Any medications for high cholesteral? Any weight loss medication?
nurse: Aspirin you take Aspirin regularly you're allergic.
patient: What was I can remember I did not think it was still in the Philippines for that time. I took some aspirin or medication containing aspirin and my eye's started to swell up. I was like oh my god
patient: I know ibuprofen I'm most allergic to that. I also had some eye swelling and and I think I'll get some wheezing at the times.
nurse: All right. Are you taking any diabetes medication other than what we give you are you taking any hormonal treatment?
nurse: Any antipsychotics you take vitamin B12 supplements during the past 3 months. Have you taken any oral intravenous injected run hill steroids are glucocorticoids to take any medications for depression or anxiety.v
patient: No. Great.
nurse: So Jerome for being with us for year you get a gift.
nurse: Oh options are. There's a great thing here. There's an umbrella an insulated lunch box. Okay, there's an insulated lunch bag, excuse me shopping bags with bigger.
nurse: Are there is a pedometer?
nurse: What is a pedometer is cannot you put it on your belt and it measures your steps.
nurse: And there is a salad Shaker. So it's a tall cup where you can put your salad and then there's a lid 1/4 and then a tiny cup for your dressing so that you can get it ready and then you know when you're ready for lunch you can stop.
nurse: What sounds good?
patient: Probably how big is the umbrella?
nurse: It's big. It's one of the big ones.
nurse: Yeah, I can show I can do a Vanna White.
patient: Lets see.
patient: I'll give it to my mom. She loves shopping.
nurse: I love it.
nurse: All right.
nurse: and I so I'm going to
nurse: give you your
nurse: Clinic work, I stopped playing homework because I had to participants so I can go home and do this week. So I'm going to get you the bag. I will get you the binder to look through. Okay, I'm going to schedule your next visit as well that's going to rain in March.
nurse: Remind me again your preference what day?
nurse: And it's a one hour.
nurse: non-fasting so
nurse: What time would you want to come in?
patient: Maybe
patient: Like noon would be the latest I can see you. Because I have to draw the blood and ship it.
patient: 11
nurse: All right, I will do that, but I'm away.
nurse: I'm gonna get you set up with your paperwork.
nurse: You're left-handed right now. So it's okay. You can bend you know, if it's the catheter you can bend it. It may be a bit uncomfortable. This one just checked. Let me know if anything needs updated and I can bring the the table too.
nurse: the forms Jerome don't worry about the dates, but it's check the box or
nurse: Circle and number and I want to just show you these two forms. I put them back to back because they're both diabetes satisfaction questionnaire, but this one is in general and this one with the minuses.
nurse: Did since you started in the study so for the past 12 months, so the last form I keep it to the end.
nurse: Kind of a pain because you have to read each and every question and try to make the circle as dark as possible or enough for me to know your selection. I can always go in and darken it more.
nurse: The table, is that going to be more.
nurse: We can get you all set up whichever way you need.
nurse: Unless it gets too uncomfortable then cuz you can always check with the right. It's not like
patient: to write anyway
nurse: I'm not going to be grading you or the way you're checking the boxes.
nurse: I'll be right back.
nurse: So here's the bag Jerome.
patient: Poor guy
nurse: The binder here Jerome, so just put these tabs on and I'll make copies for you.
nurse: You wanna give the next drug girl?
nurse: Now that we don't have a lot of stuff in the way. He'll tell me.
nurse: All right, you're good.
patient: It is you're not going into work today. Are you okay? I was going to say it's okay.
nurse: the hard on the weekend
patient: Maybe I usually work the weekend. So I tend to work like Friday Saturday Sunday or Saturday Sunday Monday.
patient: so but yeah, I definitely it's quieter, but I work night shift, so we're actually
patient: It's not as bad though. Like I I I kind of like get used to it like working nights and my days off. I just fell asleep like for some of the hours the first day off.
patient: my dad and I tried to sleep at night again, so
nurse: While we're away. Okay, you need to go.
nurse: Call before you fall.
patient: Yeah.
nurse: I'm going to be getting you know it going in and out of the room, but I wanted to make sure you got that.
nurse: And if it's too bright also, so we have a different remote. I haven't dim the lights. Are you okay?
patient: and then
nurse: And then do you want the listing closer to you?
patient: Yeah, that would be nice. Itso but yeah, I definitely it's quieter, but I work night shift, so we're actually's on the right side.
patient: Gonna zip it back up.
nurse: Has he ever asked to expand this?
nurse: when he started
nurse: All right, so I got you the 21st of March at 11.
nurse: And that was at them. All right?
nurse: They're here now. I'm sorry about that.
patient: time for summer blood draw an hour
nurse: And then, I know isn't that cool?
nurse: I guess you gave up on the right hand, huh?
patient: Ambidextrous by the end of today.
patient: I remember my grandma wanted me so bad to use my right hand really every time she sees me is in my left hand with a writing drawing or whatever chance this.
patient: Oh no!
patient: Play I don't want to see nothing, but I want to use my left hand.
patient: I think it's a third world thing.
nurse: It was even though you you shouldn't be different. You should not be acceptable. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
patient: Yeah, she tried but she never succeeded.
patient: I'm not even cuz I asked me like, how was your day ended up being left-handed then?
patient: And I'm always going to be like, well, you didn't pay attention to it cuz we didn't think that you have to be very thin you have to do that. But every time we had you something you always reach out with your left hand then and we just think that you know, that that's how you do it. So we don't really pay attention, but my grandma was so like
nurse: I think it's it's very interesting.
nurse: and I remember when I moved here.
nurse: I saw a left-handed scissors look like
nurse: Wow, like this is accommodation.
nurse: That's totally fine. Yeah. Totally fine.
nurse: Thanks for doing this Jerome. Your clinic work.
nurse: So if you're done with that, those when you're before I come back, you can look at the binder. If you want to rest back. Just let me know.
nurse: There's this question it's confusing for everybody.
nurse: Are you able to sense your feet when you walk?
nurse: Thank you. Perfect. Okay, no worries.
nurse: I'm untangle you everything are you okay to go with us? Just want to get your dancing partner.
nurse: You got it.
nurse: I need to pick it up.
patient: Ah.
nurse: So I flattened the bed just cuz it's hard to get.
nurse: Yeah.
nurse: Get you all snuggled in.
nurse: All right.
nurse: Bring the table back.
nurse: Hey Ya.
nurse: But not in your way. All right, and your shoes did not get mine.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: Close My Eyes for it.
nurse: Dim more?
nurse: snooze
nurse: I know it's hard.
nurse: This one and one more.
nurse: You excited?
nurse: Thank you so much.
nurse: Past that we have done like the animal pain and all the other tests that that we don't have the results. All these results will be revealed at the end of the study?
nurse: Interested in knowing. Yes, I think.
patient: Yeah, especially this month cuz yeah like how much my body is actually responding in.
nurse: All right.
nurse: One more and looks like you're tapping finger a good deal.
nurse: Are you good? Good? How are you? I'm good.
nurse: any
nurse: problems with the citiclipton or the metformin, headaches?
patient: I worked at the Swedish First Hill.
nurse: Guys are getting guys getting busy now with the winter.
patient: we're getting that that. Of I mean the time of the year where we get more patients and most of our patients are on droplet isolation and
patient: I'm on Console service right now in the hospital and just like all this guy down if it's just so pretty steady, but not too crazy.
nurse: Have your A1C used?
patient: A1C what's 6.7? Okay.
nurse: So they've been holding steady.
patient: Yeah, it was I think when the first part of me was 7.2. Okay, and then over time it's dropped and it's been said he's not interested in what it is this time. The last time 3 months ago was 6.7. So Yeah, it was I think when the first part of me was 7.2. Okay, and then over time it's dropped and it's been said he's not interested in what it is this time. The last time 3 months ago was 6.7. So
patient: Hopefully it will come down some more it will not I hope it's just going to stay right there.
patient: But I've been pretty kind of keen on or mindful of what I eat in the amount I eat.
patient: Exercise I always have issues with exercising but but the food that I eat I always kind of keep in my life. Okay, I can have a little bit of this but that's it no more.
nurse: It's just have to have you finished all the paperwork and stuff.
patient: Okay, all right.
nurse: we'll let you hear about all the
nurse: I was amazed.
nurse: I was at a dinner meeting last night initially it showed more.
nurse: But I was like yeah I don't even wanna watch.
patient: my leg
patient: But yeah, but but more hasn't conceded yet. Not that I know of.
nurse: Oh like absentee ballots.
patient: It won't be that amount of like 20,000 votes.
patient: Said that the race is over. So but he's still refused to give up so.
patient: I hope the momentum will continue on until next year cuz I really really really wanted to have the Congress even if the Congress the Senate may be too much to to ask but it comes at least to take the progress back the House of Representatives. So, I'm really
patient: Hello. We'll see.
patient: Yeah, and the 20/20 I hope somebody will run that can really.
patient: energized eBay's the Democratic party in and have the chance to win so
patient: This truck is just don't like God. I'm like how many more years three more years?
patient: Attempt to be impeached cuz I'm really more scared of pants cuz he's more of a politician. He's very good at words. He's very manipulative and he will say the words that you want to hear and then work began to know the doors or something.
patient: Whatever he has in his mind what you're saying. There's always gets in trouble for that. So, you know what he wants to do.
patient: Pictures of career politician so very much the right he knows the ins and outs of Washington and Trump isn't there. I mean, he just kind of noises. It's just like a fight like old business careers.
patient: But oh well.
patient: We will be too bad.
nurse: All right. Well
nurse: I don't know if we usually do like an annual appreciation function thing. And I think I don't know when we're going to do ours this year you probably
nurse: What's in Maori? Yeah. Yeah. I remember I thought but I was I was working and I think it was a weekend or Friday or something. I can't remember.
nurse: How much is a Saturday but this year we're thinking of spending a little more money and doing the Museum of Flight and they have like you can go to the Museum of Flight animal have either.
nurse: Elantra dinner to cater their
patient: Okay, I'll keep an eye of that in my mail and if I can come then I'll definitely come so it's so nice to meet everybody to you know, then there's always these questions from the audience.
nurse: You know that I tried my best.
nurse: Alright, thank you. Thank you.
nurse: I'm leaving the room.
nurse: Verizon shop
nurse: Done. Yeah, it's going to be breakfast after the
nurse: I hope you rested a little bit.
nurse: 9
nurse: Yeah, she asked me about the Gathering.
patient: I think so too because the next year she said he'll probably be up to the Museum of Flight sounds like
patient: No one.
nurse: Samantha takes this sample. You come back to get your breakfast order.
nurse: because that would give you a wax job when your
nurse: Jerome
nurse: Thank you for being in the study is awesome having you in the study.
patient: And I'm very very motivated.
nurse: Say in Spanish in Spanish.
patient: And I will be right back.
nurse: And then if you can make copies for for Jerome here in the binder, he had stabbed some handouts.
nurse: guitar learning on I like it. Thanks Jerome. I will see you in.
nurse: Okay. I know you saw or five course meal that we got go.
nurse: string cheese granola bars
nurse: Okay, granola bar. No coffee coffee.
patient: cream and sugar
nurse: If you want to get popped up, are you okay in this? Maybe I'll just
patient: man
nurse: give me a holler if you need anything else.
nurse: How you doing?
nurse: What baby water?
nurse: Okay, I just have to go over with you.
nurse: if you're into
nurse: Registry list which allows you to be notified of future studies about diabetes with an R Group.
nurse: Let's see. If you wanted to remain on a list where other studies can contact you to be potential participant and you could fill this out. If not, no worries. Okay.
patient: I'm going to fill it up now or
patient: I think it's silly. Now.
patient: Maybe I'll do that.
patient: Take back the next time I'll come in totally fine cuz it won't be at.
patient: If if I decide to pay on the list.
patient: Play still got to be related to like diabetes or some other areas.
nurse: and then there
nurse: Another study that kind of monitor or prevents diabetes type 2 diabetes.
patient: something in the mail also that was to
patient: I forgot now, but I was like, well, I'm not really that interested but I didn't respond to it. Yeah, but it would still here at the veterans hospital, but I can't remember what you just say. Yeah that was vacant in the mail.
nurse: Check if you know.
nurse: I think I'm ready. Okay, no rush hour.
patient: I know. No I'm good.
nurse: What are your plans for today every day off?
patient: Oh my God. I'm just going to rest and way too early for baby.
patient: nap and then I don't know what this afternoon will bring but
nurse: It's a nice day. It is it is a nice day and raining I guess of the weekend, but that's okay cuz I'm worth it.
nurse: Do you live around the area?
patient: Where is there a lot of I think you know, that's some good places that Bel-Air this is one area.
patient: It's a live also, but if you like.
patient: To stay active and be near the water than the Green Lake area is is really really good. What's in a while we go there and ride around and join other people stuff.
patient: Yes, yes, and if you want to just go up further north and you have Lynnwood.
nurse: I'm in Lynnwood. Are you are?
nurse: Okay, I'm in labeled right now. And I know it's not fun. Well, it's a little further away.
nurse: Yeah, Greenwood. This is is is is a good place to live and there's a lot of schools in the area cuz I'm thinking about pursuing my masters. So
patient: I don't know if I if I wanted to take my Master's and you dog.
patient: Yeah, so I actually started asking for some information and they did respond to me an email but
patient: Well, let me think about it is I'm still kind of having second thoughts. So.
nurse: Okay, cuz yeah, yeah it is and I'm not sure if I can do it online because I have I finished my degree. Where did he go to school and I graduated 1998. It's been awhile that I've been out of.
patient: the whole school things out but at the same time
nurse: Did you want to use the actual bag to keep the your meds and then your check and
nurse: Work or do you want one of our blue bags?
patient: You know what? Let's see.
patient: Find a buddy.
patient: yoga pictures with lights and very sweet and
patient: Oh look for real.
patient: Because I'm sweet.
patient: really diabetic
nurse: Reminder that everything you have I made copies of its okay.
nurse: phone and everything
nurse: What is complete the current local time is 9:32 in the morning?
