nurse: Today's GRADE study visit today is December 18th, 2017. And the current local time is 8:22 in the morning. My name is Anna Louie and I am the study coordinator.
nurse: at the grade study site 040 and with the grade study participant with the ID number 0 4 0 0 3 4 5
nurse: And he has given permission to have this visit recorded. There are no other person's coming in with this participant in the exam room. This is an annual visit number 12.
nurse: Alright, first I'm going to do this. So we're going to re-sign. So these consent forms. Like I said, there hasn't been any major changes since the last time we have, the main reason why we're doing
nurse: today is because we have to submit the study annually to the institutional review board on so once we have to do that just to make sure that you know everything still going
nurse: smoothly and is according to plan and they just kind of put like a little new expiration stamp at the bottom of each page as so it's good until the following year unless we make any additional changes in between
nurse: and we probably will. So that's all there is to that. We are still doing the vitamin B12. I don't know if you've been spoken to you about that at the last couple visits that you've had.
nurse: Let's see here, you should have probably gotten it back in July. So I'm just to kind of remind you the.
nurse: oh, the vitamin B12 test was probably done at your July visit. So just just to kind of
nurse: Well, I mean I could double check, I'm assuming it was done, but just to kind of remind you we're doing it for everybody in the study and it's because we are.
nurse: Yeah, we did it was 430. So that's normal normal range is above 400. So yours came back 430 back in July. Okay, so we don't have to retest that value until your 4th year annual visit so that's a little while from now.
nurse: Had it come back below 300 we would have had to retest it at this visit so we don't have to do that. So that's good.
nurse: Yeah, that's correct. You don't have a deficiency in it. So the reason why we're doing that is because
nurse: People who have been taking metformin for a long period of time. They've seen a link with a deficiency of B12. So that's why we do it for everybody just double check that. So you're doing okay. So that's pretty much it for this last quarter, so.
patient: Yeah, I ask the lady that I met last time. The reason I'm calling her the lady I met with last time is it wasn't you
patient: about the
patient: I'll get back in just a second when I'm not trying to think
nurse: Yeah.
nurse: looking at your chart looks like you know you
patient: She asked me about metformin whether it ever made me sick or this or that or all kinds of things so had some questions about it, and I asked her I said
patient: do people, you know express these things because I've been taking them forever and I've never had a problem with Metformin, and she said, do you take your pills after you eat? and I said yeah.
patient: In the morning after I eat in the evening meal after.
patient: She said, well maybe that's why you don't have the problem. If you know, some people would be taking this stuff on empty stomach, or whatever. So I've always taken my pills right after I eat like I haven't taken any this morning because you told me not to.
patient: And I haven't eaten. So. I won't take them
nurse: Until after I eat so. I don't have any trouble with Metformin.
nurse: No, and thats. That's it's pretty regular that people express those issues. So you're very lucky that you do not experience those but it does help. I always tell patients as well to make sure they take it with food. It does help with the symptoms.
nurse: Anyway good. So go ahead and I'll resend this first one we have three to get through. So this first one that just has the Social Security permission. So you had originally said yes to
nurse: as like a last resort, you wanna keep this
nurse: So I'll have you just do just a checkmark for me here and then on the next page.
nurse: Your initials will go right there and then you're gonna sign the very last line there at the bottom and I'll fill out the rest. And then I'll have you do the time is. 18th and time right now is 8:27.
nurse: the rest here
nurse: I don't know. I don't think I've actually ever done one of your visits before but I mean, I've I've been in the study since the beginning. I was like yeah I'm sure you've heard of me, I don't know if we've actually really officially met but I've been doing the study since the beginning even way before Polly.
nurse: way before everybody. I have I'm last man standing or last women standing. Is Polly still around?
nurse: She left it's been almost a year now.
patient: What was the name of the other lady I used to deal with one.
patient: there was new girl last time. Lisa, she is not here anymore either.
nurse: You have outlasted all of them. Yeah you have no idea. Long story you don't want to know. I'm kidding, a lot of people just come and go.
nurse: it's a stepping stone. But yeah, I've been I've been doing the study since like the very its conception. Like I was I started as the assistant and. Pretty much. That's what I tell my boyfriend like, you know, I I've been committed to this longer than with you.
nurse: But you know it's
nurse: It's great. We have a 158 people and you know, it's just been it's been great, taking care of you guys. So, you know for the last 3-4 years I been here it's going to be six years in July of next year, so I've been here pretty long time so
nurse: I'll give you my card before we before we part ways today. So if any if anything comes up you have any concerns anything at all, you can just give me a holler. I'll be here.
nurse: We have a assistant that is new. She started about a couple months ago. So she's going to be helping me out at today's visit doing some of your assessments. So you have to meet her name is Ashley also get to meet our manager if you haven't yet
patient: I've met Patricia before. Hollander?
nurse: Priscilla? We dont have a Patricia. Well, I was close. I got the P right.
nurse: You got the P right. No, she's yeah Dr. Hollander is actually going to be in at today's visit later before you leave, she
nurse: will come and say hi and talk to you if you have any questions or concerns. Yeah, but you'll get a chance to meet our manager as well. She's going to be, you know, also helping out sometimes so you'll get to meet the whole team we are.
nurse: We're here. So if I don't do your
nurse: You know, visit next time you will at least be familiar with.
nurse: Cuz I can take care of all 158 of you guys, right?
nurse: I can try but it will probably be very difficult. So the next
nurse: one here is DNA sub-study. So if you recall we had originally gotten all that blood at the last of really big visit said they're still storing it in a repository. They're going to be testing it, you know, but it's all de-identified. So you said yes to doing it. So at anytime you can change your mind.
nurse: Alright so you. So we'll have you check.
nurse: storage for everything the first option
nurse: initials again? and the last right there at the bottom.
nurse: date, still the 18th
nurse: it is now 8:31
nurse: And then this very last one that we have here is for the audio recording.
nurse: Nothing has changed with that, you know, we will be recording
nurse: Every visit, you know moving forward, you know, if you ever do change your mind at any point in time, you can retract your consent for that.
nurse: Give that option to people, nothing is like written in stone, you know, you are kind of in control of all this, you know, I mean, it's up to you your decision etc.
nurse: So, if it's okay with you to still continue then that's cool.
patient: I don't know why anybody wouldn't want it
nurse: So this one's a weird one, cuz we actually will not have you check this but it'll need your initials. So put your initials right there instead of a check mark. I messed that up last time with someone. No it'll be on this other page here.
nurse: I forgot to grab it. Okay. Sign there.
nurse: Go ahead and put 8:33 for me there.
nurse: 8:33. So that's the last signage place. This is to get the fun stuff out of the way first
nurse: I was looking at your chart, and it looks like we were going to start insulin today. Is that right? Cuz your A1C had kind of progressed in that direction over.
patient: the last. I believe it was going down but it was still too high.
nurse: Oh, yeah, that's right. Yeah, cuz it was here, lets see
nurse: So it started at when you first came to the study, it was 7.6 last time you were here
nurse: Before that in July, it was a 7.9. So yeah, it's still pretty elevated and it does.
patient: Well, I was very disappointed because they told me that I could sign up.
patient: for this food education thing. Do you have a food education thing? We have a dietician. Something like that that would
nurse: And they didn't coordinate that with you?
patient: Well, then that that other lady that left called me up and said no, we we found out that that we can't do that.
patient: Who told you that? One one that was here for a very short period of time. Hispanic girl. Okay, Lisa. She calls me up and she says cuz I was all signed up for this class. Oh, it was a class? Okay, so it wasn't with us it was with
patient: I don't know they were the ones that told me about it.
nurse: So it's not a class. It's it's just a it's a dietitian who can come in as needed. Like we just have to get coordinate that with her whenever she is able to come in to see you either. We'll try to do it for it had I known that I would have tried to schedule for this one, but
patient: Well, it does not matter. I don't care about that now and I'm going to you know, what I didn't want to do is go on insulin. I was on insulin a while back.
patient: years ago. So I'm familiar with it. It's not like I'm scared of it or this or that
patient: but anyway. Well, I apologize. I weighed 260 pounds and I decided I was gonna get healthier and over a year I lost 65 pounds and went all the way down to 195
nurse: That's great.
nurse: You were at 202
patient: and so I had to wean myself off of insulin because I kept having
patient: hypoglycemic episodes
patient: Waking up sweating and all that stuff, you know, so I kept lowering the insulin down down down.
patient: All of this is with the doctor's permission. I didn't do all this on my own. So I finally got off of. This is before I ever even came to y'all. This is long time ago. So I got off of insulin.
patient: And just was doing the metformin, and then when I came here.
patient: They spun the wheel that landed on.
nurse: Januvia
patient: So, you know, it was like 8 something when I started and then went down to 7.9 and then 7.6 I thought it was headed in the right direction then they offered they said well, that's still too high.
patient: but if you know
patient: you can't get it lower than that. This is what I heard. Since you didn't get it lower than that quicker, then we're going to have to put you on insulin. I said I really don't want
patient: insulin, and then say well, we have this.
patient: Dietitian that can help you because you know, I'm convinced that.
patient: Part of my problem is lack, lack of education and knowledge regarding what foods would would be better or worse.
patient: another part of my problem is
patient: my wife doesn't have diabetes.
patient: And so she doesn't cook for me. She cooks like she has for 50 years. And it's really hard for you. So, you know when she fries up all the meat
patient: You know, I don't want to wind up in divorce court and I tell her no, I ain't eating what you're fixin' me.
patient: So that's why I was excited about the food thing.
nurse: I can tell you I can still arrange a dietitian to
nurse: to visit with you at your next visit are at an interim visit just because you're starting insulin doesn't mean that you are not allowed to
nurse: have that anymore but it's up to you. I can I mean whatever you know, you feel like you need, you know in conjunction with the insulin you can still work on diet
nurse: So just let me know and I mean I can try to reach out to her and get that arranged. So you can think on it
patient: you know, it's not a
patient: happy memory waking up, you know sweating and
patient: pass out, thats the reason I got a negative attitude about insulin
nurse: Well we're going to help you out because like today I'm going to go over with you. You're already familiar with insulin, but I'm going to go over with you how
nurse: We want you to adjust it on your own at home.
nurse: There's going to be like a little chart. I'll be giving you and I'll kind of teach you like okay, if you're falling within this range, then you're going to increase it by this many units. So I'll explain all that to you before we leave so you're going to feel confident and not. Because our main concern is like your safety is our number one, so we don't want you to have the same experience with the
nurse: Low blood sugars and all that stuff. We are going to try to
nurse: Adjust it very slowly so that we avoid that from happening.
nurse: Once we get you to a really good stable place, you know, then we're going to say okay Curtis let's stop at that many units. Let's continue taking it there.
nurse: Continue to monitor, that kind of thing so
nurse: But yeah we'll go over all that here today. So and I'm sorry that you had a, you know, different perception of like kind of how this goes. I mean had I, again like I said had I known that
nurse: that was something that you were interested in. I would have tried to reach out to the dietician. And unfortunatelly, we do have a protocol to follow you know and I was looking just now to see if they do that correctly with the
nurse: A1C progression and so it did confirm it was a seven it had to be above a 7.5 and unfortunately was like a point one it was a 7.6 so it was point one
nurse: Yeah, we we we could have probably waited another three months. But anyhow, I think that it will help you.
nurse: pretty pretty well, I don't think you're going to have to
nurse: Get so very very high amount of insulin either to to get you back stable. I mean if you are going to incorporate diet lifestyle changes. So anyway, let me go through these questions real quick so we can get this.
nurse: iv started. Okay. So you said you were fasting so nothing to eat or drink except water? No
nurse: vigorous exercise, alcohol consumption, or any unusual diets in the last 3 days.
nurse: You don't smoke. And you haven't had any major surgeries or illnesses and the last 7 days, no night shift or irregular schedule where you
nurse: No steroids in the last two week? And you said you did not take your diabetes meds this morning. So, the last thing we got to do here. I'm going to have you check your blood sugar real quick before we start we just want to make sure that it is.
nurse: not above 350. So, all right. So I'll let you go ahead and do the honors and pick a finger.
nurse: Let me go get you a little gauze here.
nurse: So, I don't know what setting.
nurse: To put this in I usually kind of go middle of the road, at a 3
nurse: go ahead and turn it off. and if you can just dry it off for me here. Make sure it's completely dry.
nurse: Is that something you should do every time? Dry it off? It's best because the alcohol if it's still wet will alter the reading for just future reference. So, you're going to press the yellow button.
nurse: Okay, then I'll help you and get some of this. Did it stick?
nurse: Right, 179, and that's pretty hight for fasting. So, we'd like it to come down. So like I said, insulin will help that to come down to a good
nurse: fasting range. What is the biggest number this thing has? Its a five. Okay, I'll just leave it there. I barely got it. Need to be at 3 or 4. 3 and a half or 4.
nurse: You are going to be getting one of these.
nurse: Oh, that's not mine. I have to keep this one. You'll get your own. So at least it's kind of good
patient: Your initials were on there, huh?
nurse: Okay, I was like no did I put my. So I'm going to actually give you one of these, you'll get one of these bags with a meter and this comes with it. You'll get a whole slew of supplies today. So we'll go over all that. So that's good. At least now you have an idea of where because you'll be doing that everyday.
nurse: for me. 179
nurse: Alright, so let me go get our nurse Lisa so she can help get your IV started.
nurse: You're going to be drinking that glucose drink. Just one time only we have lemon lime or orange. Which one would you like today? Orange? Okay. So let me go get her. Do two out of three people choose orange? Actually yeah
nurse: I'll be right back.
nurse: Alright this is Lisa. Our research nurse will be doing your iv.
nurse: Looks like you've done that a time or two.
nurse: That's better than the other one? You have one you like better you can take a look and see.
nurse: Are you right or left handed? Right handed. Okay, lets try your left cuz I think you have to fill out some stuff today.
nurse: have you had an iv before. Okay. You'll see a little straw like catheter stays in there with a needle.
patient: Let me tell you something I just thought of it just hit me. I used to give blood all the time, and then
patient: I started having a bunch of dental work done. My whole mouth redone, and I got some bone grafts and
patient: implants, so that doesn't
patient: you only asked me about steroids, right?
patient: They didn't give me any steroids that I know of. But because I have bone grafts. You can't give blood for a year. I didn't know.
patient: I forgot about it and my wife told me.
patient: I wanted to mention to make sure that this just didn't fall into the category of what you were talking about earlier with the
patient: with the um. This means we don't have to go to the room and
nurse: Nope you stay in here well until have to actually get a urine sample later, but we'll do that later today.
nurse: Yeah, but you weren't like hospitalized for it?
nurse: outpatient. Cool.
patient: yeah, in fact y'all have done this one time before. We did. You're
nurse: not have to get this done again until your third year annual visit cuz it skips a year. So at your next year's annual visit we'll just draw fasting samples like normal blood draw. This one won't happen til your third year.
nurse: now that I think of that
nurse: if I remember it wasn't as bad as y'all told me it was going to be
patient: Maybe I'm easy to please or something.
nurse: It wasn't too bad.
nurse: All right. Might feel cool.
patient: As long as I don't look at it.
nurse: I apologize for the hair later.
nurse: Does that mean you will pull on my hair. Yeah, when we take the tape off. If that's the worst thing that happens to me today I'll be in good shape. Alright so it's gonna be 9:05. All right. Let me go get that drink for you. Okay?
nurse: You got 5 minutes to finish it in its entirety. If I could get it
nurse: open that would be great. That was tough. There you go.
nurse: I need to get my
nurse: Ashley. Nice to meet you. My assistant I was telling you about will be coming here to help out here in a bit. This is for later just so I don't forget to give that to you.
nurse: Do you want to just like take the whole thing? It's up to you whatever is easier for you. Sounds good. Let me just make a quick copy of this for y'all.
nurse: Awesome already done you are a trooper. All right.
patient: You know something's got to be done. You might as well get it over with.
nurse: That's a good way to look at it. All right. So if you hear some beeping, it's probably my phone cuz we've got to time this. The blood draws will be done in 15 30 minute increments.
nurse: I got you. I understand.
nurse: I'll get distracted and do some other stuff.
nurse: Do you wanna do that. You're welcome to do that if you'd like.
nurse: I haven't done any questionnaires yet or anything.
nurse: Left one's kind of. Kind of used.
nurse: 170/78. You have high blood pressure?
nurse: I guess.
nurse: Being here, you know.
nurse: Yeah, you take the Valsartan.
patient: Hydrochlorothiazide. Are you familiar with the Valsartan?
nurse: All I know is what class it's in. Did you have any questions in particular?
patient: There's two dosages of it. Its a combination medication. No I understand that. I'm thinking there's two strengths of it.
patient: I don't know. I was curious. I was thinking I think at first I took those stronger one.
patient: Through y'all. This is all through my regular doctor.
patient: And then I don't know why she reduced it down to half.
nurse: Yeah, that would be something you'd
patient: No, I was just you don't have any way of knowing whether that's the lower number.
nurse: I do not off the top of my head. It's 80 what we have is 80 / 12.5. Yeah, I don't know what the other strengths are off the top of my head.
nurse: Well, I'm due to go to see her. Well, let us know if they do decide to change it and so we can update that on our end and you're still taking the simvastatin fenofibrate for your cholesterol.
patient: yeah, in January
patient: regular annual thing, and that way
nurse: Since you just said you were going to be going to see your doctor. Have you had any other doctors
nurse: visits in the last three months? Okay. I'm gonna go make a copy of this. Oh, yeah, awesome. Thank you.
nurse: Had any like steroid shots or pills for any illnesses in the last 3 months?
nurse: No new diagnosis, cancer, kidney, liver disease, heart attack, stroke, or any other hospitalization, surgeries ,or procedures done?
nurse: Been a pretty pretty good uneventful last quarter. That's what we like to hear.
nurse: Prevailing and you got a packet of questionnaires here I got to give to you so I'm just pre-filling the dates.
nurse: If you hear any funny noises, it's probably my stomach.
nurse: I'm kind of fasting along with you, you're my second patient here today, and I haven't really gotten a chance to really feed myself either. Oh there it goes. So I'm probably gonna
nurse: do that while Ashley comes in I'll go get a bite.
nurse: Okay, and how are you on taking you or study medications? Have you missed any doses in the last?
patient: No, not that I can think of. Maybe one or two
nurse: Any in the last two weeks in particular?
nurse: Pretty disciplined about taking them.
nurse: She's running a little bit late. Great, awesome thank you.
nurse: Yeah, and I'll probably be a little MIA here in the middle of your visit cuz I've actually I'm double-booked somebody else coming in at the same time as you. So not to worry. You will be taken care by Ashley here. So just wanted to give you a heads up on that. I didn't abandon you.
nurse: people leave the department
nurse: We don't really like to kind of shift people around too much we try to make it work the best that we can. Unfortunately we're down one person now, so
nurse: So this one you can go ahead and get started on these questionnaires. Be careful with the last very very last one. Cuz there is
nurse: a little different. You've got to fill in the little bubbles instead of doing the check marks or X's so
nurse: You want check marks or X's or doesn't matter. Whatever you whatever you feel comfortable with.
nurse: And you don't have a meter that you check your blood sugars at home with right at the moment? I just want to make sure.
nurse: And have you felt any abnormal like blood sugars that may have been too low or too high in the last week?
nurse: You don't have a meter but you haven't felt funny? I promise I won't be bugging you anymore.
patient: No, I'm pretty good at reading my body like I
patient: Feel my blood sugar going down then I always carry a thing of peanut butter crackers with me. Yeah and I eat those and
nurse: Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Okay.
nurse: You're gonna make my job easy today with doing the educational part of the insulin. So at least you're really familiar with all that so that's awesome. Yeah, it'll definitely help.
patient: So what should I do? How can I honestly answer some of these?
patient: 7 and 8. How many times have you had blood sugar won't have any episodes of 7 is low blood sugar symptoms. That got better with
patient: That's correct.
patient: All right here number 8 any blood sugar level
patient: by finger stick
nurse: if you haven't then it would be no
patient: When you ask current treatment, what does that mean?
patient: with y'all?
patient: Round two.
nurse: done this a few times so
nurse: You're fine. I'm actually done with this I'm just gonna give that to you.
patient: Now, I don't know if it's normal or not, but I'm feeling light-headed. Okay.
patient: Is that good? I mean I'm not
nurse: Pass out. Okay, like I was about to say let us know if you feel like going to pass out. Sometimes. Yeah, because that will raise your blood sugars. So that's why we checked your blood sugar before so that's why it's really important to
patient: Keep us posted. I'm not seeing double or anything like that. It's not like. I can still read Ashley S.
nurse: So if you feel like you need to vomit.
nurse: Feel like you're faint or feel like you're going to pass out like I said let us know immediately, okay? Holler. If nobody's here in the room with you, just go and holler. Yeah for sure keep us posted.
nurse: All right, well that's good. Thank you for letting us now. Feeling a little. That's normal sometimes for people. Sometimes yeah.
nurse: Alright. Thanks. Appreciate it. And if you need some water
nurse: I'll take some water cuz that's kind of. Yeah it has a gross taste. As soon as they're done I'll try to grab you some.
patient: So this is a comparison between what when I first started and now?
nurse: Yes. So before you started the Januvia like at the very beginning of the study to present.
nurse: All right, so I'm going to step out real quick
nurse: gonna work on your stuff, if you have any questions about any
nurse: Those questions you can ask Ashley see if she can help you, but if not, then you could just wait for me to come back. Okay?
nurse: For instance, how convenient have you been finding your treatment to be recently? Comparing between what to what that's what I don't understand.
nurse: Convenience far as I that that can be interpreted in a number of ways as far as like I think there's a question about
nurse: Yeah. Yeah, how convenient has it been to come here
patient: It's no big deal so I guess I'll go with 0. It says if you have experienced no change please circle 0. Cuz I don't feel any different one way or another.
nurse: Yeah. Yeah.
nurse: It's just kind of a very open to interpretation it's kind of vague they kinda leave it
nurse: very open-ended and how you feel like I
nurse: I kinda swayed you either way.
patient: Well no I was just asking for clarification. Sure. Sure. Sure. Yeah and
nurse: like I said
patient: It's just a convenient flexible satisfied. They're all crazy
nurse: Flexibility as far as scheduling appointments coming here to you know that kind of
nurse: They're still in there. Oh they are? Okay so yeah we'll have to get you some water later.
patient: Oh it's time again?
nurse: Cold and sometimes it's hot in here. Sometimes it's cold in here. You never know.
nurse: Good thing is my blood flows real fast.
nurse: You have good veins so that
nurse: Always considered that a blessing.
nurse: might as well
nurse: a lot easier for all of us
nurse: Do you have any questions on the questionnaire?
nurse: Almost done. I'll take the water when you can get it. Hopefully they will be done in there soon.
nurse: I'll be back in just a little bit.
nurse: Hey sir how are you? Good, how are you doing?
patient: Good to see you too. I called you Patricia earlier, so my apologies. No no no listen that happens quite a bit.
patient: She looks I said I met Patricia she looks at me. She's like, who is that? I said yeah the doctor, oh Priscilla.
nurse: When I was a kid, sometimes I would have preferred that they had named me Patricia because Priscilla's
nurse: very uncommon name where I grew up up North very uncommon, it's more common down here. I never met another person named Priscilla until I went away to college actually.
nurse: I was thinking with this when I was a kid. This is kind of an odd name, you know, but although it has antecedents. It's like even mentioned in the Bible. I think it has a Latin, you know.
nurse: Derivative, right. Yeah, I think it does. Yeah. I'm not sure why my parents I grew up in northern Minnesota of Scandinavian background. Maybe they could have called me.
nurse: I don't know, anyway. It's always interesting isn't it? You know nowadays they have some really weird names sometimes. They way they spell them nowadays are creative.
nurse: Although I was reading an article about a return to more older names like
nurse: I guess the most current popular name for a girl now is Emma. Yeah, and so but it's interesting because you can tell of waves at one point. I think Michelle was very popular for girls. You know, we have a lot of patients in their twenties whose first name is Michelle.
nurse: It's just kind of interesting stuff.
nurse: It goes in waves. Guys maybe not quite as much but. Men's names tend to be a little more kind of concrete.
nurse: So to speak. Anyway. Well, I know that the diabetes appears to be moving on a bit here and I know you and AnnaLynne talked about some insulin, right? Yeah, I think the key, you know the key with this is the idea that
nurse: Cuz we know if people keep on top of this thing. They should never have one complication. Zip.
nurse: And it also just
nurse: provides a much better environment in your body like when the sugars are
nurse: it kind of affects your internal environment on a daily basis a little bit. Your metabolism and you know and even your immune system. You know some
nurse: Things you don't normally feel. You wouldn't notice or think about.
nurse: internal. It can be sort of subtle. But it's a much healthier internal environment. I guess maybe that's a word I'm kind of reaching here but like the internal environment of your body and that's very important because sometimes you can feel outwardly oh I feel pretty good. But internally things can be
nurse: sometimes not as good as you think and then it comes up and hits you later. Right.
nurse: By the time it becomes noticeable it's advanced.
nurse: Well not maybe totally but sometimes you pass the optimal intervention stage. Not that it still can't be intervened but no. No that is so true. Anyway family history of diabetes again? Who in your family?
patient: My mother and my brothers
nurse: Wow, you had a pretty strong history, you know, the more people in your family who have it, you know, the more likely you are to have it. You know, it's it's one of these genetic things. Yeah, you know, most of our patients have a family history. Although there's a couple in this study who have no known family history.
patient: Poor thing I'm totally different than the rest of my family on his heart problems. They all had open heart surgeries and heart problems, and I haven't had any any of that.
nurse: This is not real wood.
nurse: Sounds pretty solid. I know it's just interesting, isn't it?
nurse: I know life and oh goodness that's you know, all the diversity and you know, one thing about being a doctor where you know medicine is so interesting because you know how diverse things can be.
patient: Well, I remember as a kid. They never used to ask you doctors never asked you about the health of all of your relatives and all that stuff that. That didn't come until 20 30 years ago.
nurse: No that's true, we've made astounding you know gains in in terms of healthcare and you know even 30 years ago diabetes was like
nurse: and we made substantial
nurse: incredible advances, you know it it you know that people can take advantage of and even like in cancer and heart disease and
nurse: you know people are living longer and they are living healthier, although
nurse: Again, sometimes the question is to say well can people live too long sometimes. We some a bit you know dementia and stuff. Getting old is not for the faint of heart. That is true in some ways.
nurse: No, you are right.
nurse: You know taking command trying to do the best for one's own health as you are you know getting into the study and everything. That is important and cuz you want to preserve both the physical body and the mental body. I mean
nurse: I have both. They are interconnected. Oh they are. Absolutely.
patient: Cuz when you're when you feel if you're if you're if you're out of whack mentally, you're not going to feel good physically and if you're out of whack physically
nurse: If your body's physically good but your major memory issues and dementia, that's not good. Sometimes, you know, the brain can be good and the body not as good. That's maybe the preferable one actually if you have to choose sometimes. Hopefully one doesn't have to but I mean
nurse: Well we don't really get to. Again it's taking care of our own health. My wife tells me she says.
patient: Go to visit somebody in a nursing home or somewhere like that. And you know, and she'll say oh Lord. If I ever get to this point, just shoot me I said, well, you know I said I guarantee none of those people in that nursing home want to be there and they never saw themselves.
nurse: No that is true, you know, sometimes when things well, you know maybe when you got to be a reasonably vast age if you just didn't wake up one morning would that be good.
patient: The fact is we're all born to die. None of us are going to get out of here alive.
nurse: That's a good point. Yeah, you know ultimately but you know yes and it is good and so the Christians say yeah
nurse: And I think as we get older we start thinking about more about some of this stuff.
patient: your mortality and
patient: How much longer do I have or whatever?
nurse: Okay, do I feel comfortable with myself? Am I do I feel like any time you reach about 60
nurse: It's kind of like, okay.
nurse: You know, hey, you know, it's hard to predict the future at this point. Although again if you were, you know, generally reasonable in health it's probably going to be fairly good but you just you just never know and and and it's so I even myself you wouldn't know I was over 60 course which I am
patient: A lot of people don't have any desire to work after that, but I I've always had
patient: a strong desire to work. I really
nurse: Oh, I agree. I think that can be very helpful. No seriously keeps your brain and your body active. And the money doesn't hurt either.
nurse: Say oh well I'm not gonna take the money I'm just gonna work. I know but seriously. Well listen, I wanted to thank you so much.
nurse: No, no, no. No, we just so appreciate people have been so good to hang in with us on this and we realize these little gifts we give you probably are not.
patient: Nobody should be doing it for that anyway. And they're not. Well you're making sure they're not.
nurse: Anyway you take care. Yeah, no problem.
nurse: Be ready.
nurse: I have a question for you. I need to use the restroom.
nurse: Lisa is about to come in right now to draw your blood or to do your blood and then
nurse: your weight while we're over there.
nurse: She should be here in just a minute.
nurse: Yeah, I'll just make sure you answered every question.
patient: Made a decision.
patient: I think they're all on there.
nurse: All right, you want to go on to the restroom?
nurse: Let me finish checking this and we have two more
nurse: blood draws
nurse: It's way warmer out there than it is in here.
nurse: It was so hot in here. It was like sweltering in here. I'd rather be cold than hot.
nurse: Know what is going on.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: See I usually am so.
nurse: All right with this looks like it and all so that's good so we're going to come back in in about.
nurse: 20 or so minutes. Do your blood draw and then after that I'll do your foot exam. Okay.
patient: Jacksonville.
patient: if all contributed to him or not.
nurse: that's always high
nurse: Now I'm going to do your foot exam.
nurse: You can have a jacket on for that.
nurse: Have one on you
patient: You want to move this recorder? Yeah.
nurse: That'd be good if you want to take your socks and shoes off.
nurse: Okay.
patient: a lot of those questions on there where I said
patient: it grouped a whole bunch of
patient: things together like stooping, kneeling, and
patient: something else
patient: It's not necessarily because of the diabetes.
patient: You want me to go?
nurse: Yeah. Little dry but part of that is cuz it's winter
nurse: If you want to scoot forward just a little bit cuz I'm going to
nurse: Do you feel any twitching there?
patient: Twitching? I feel you hitting me.
nurse: You don't feel a little twitch with the reflex?
patient: My leg goes forward that's not what you're talking about?
nurse: I don't know what you mean by twitch. Yeah, it's like so we're testing your reflex on your Achilles.
patient: Do I feel something in the Achiles? Try the other one again. Now that I know what I'm looking for that one I felt a lot.
patient: Some but not as much as the other one.
nurse: now that one is a reflex.
patient: Probably five years now.
nurse: Okay. So now we're going to do is test vibration.
nurse: So what I'm going to do, I need you to look away. I'm gonna hit this on the ground and I'm going to put this tuning fork on your big toe. So let me know when you stop feeling the vibration like low buzz, okay?
patient: I don't really know that I ever felt it.
nurse: Let me let me show you on your
nurse: hand what it feels like, like that.
nurse: Okay. So let's
patient: Maybe I will try the other side and see if that didn't work the first time.
nurse: You have it on my toe or toenail? On your toe. Okay. I was thinking toenail. Try it again. Let's see. I don't think I felt anything there either.
patient: I don't feel anything. Sorry to say.
nurse: Well that's what we're testing for. Okay so now we do this little filament test so I'm gonna do this on your big toe not the toenail.
nurse: And let me know if you can feel the little.
nurse: I feel you touching me. Is that what I'm supposed to feel? Okay.
nurse: It feels like you're stabbing me. I know it's. I'm not I promise. But I know I know some people you're not the first person to say that that sometimes it. Yeah like it's pricking you.
patient: Like you're not moving it back away.
patient: Oh, I see. It's real flexible. I thought it was like a piece of steel.
nurse: Yeah, no, I know you're not the first person to say that so we are all done with that so you can put your socks and shoes back on.
nurse: Okay. Thank you.
nurse: That's what it sounds like in the apartment above me, they're so loud. They just stomp around.
nurse: all night
patient: And privilege never to have to live in an apartment.
patient: That's kind of the biggest complaint I hear.
nurse: Again I apologize for the tape. Don't worry about it.
nurse: Yeah, and I can usually do it pretty quick except these two pieces come apart so I can
patient: That wasn't bad at all. I'm not too hairy to start out with.
nurse: Sorry. No, it wasn't bad.
nurse: Are you on blood thinners or anything?
nurse: should be in in just a couple minutes she's getting all your stuff. Getting all your meds.
nurse: Did pretty good here.
nurse: Timing and everything so I've got.
nurse: the bag that we gave
nurse: away at our event a couple months ago. If you recall
nurse: Yeah, I wasn't able to make it.
nurse: No problem. And you know, this is something that we give to also the ones that weren't able to make it. So it serves a double purpose cuz you have a lot of stuff to take back home with you. So let me just kind of go over the contents of this bag.
nurse: Looks really overwhelming but I want to oversupply you.
nurse: You're going to want to stick the needles, the strips the used strips and the used lancets all in here because they are blood, you know products that will be kind of contaminated. Why are there three different compartments? I'm not sure, well there's actually only two.
nurse: It's a little hole. Usually people just use that. You don't want that back, do you? Yes we do because we'll dispose of it for you. So when it gets full go ahead and
nurse: You don't have to worry like what am I going to do with this thing so and it that just snaps on. Let me get to this here.
nurse: That's correct. Yes, so all the all the
nurse: the boxes, there is five pens
nurse: Right, right what I used to be used with Lantus.
nurse: Awesome. Yeah, so it is refrigerated until you use it.
nurse: Right, once you take one pen out at the time, leave the rest in the refrigerator.
nurse: So we're actually going to have you do your first sample one today before you leave. So I'm going to open one of these here in a bit and we can do it. I got you more metformin. So let me just
nurse: there's like 5 in here so just return the bottle next time. Go ahead and use this one first the one that came back
nurse: or that you brought back. I'm just going to mention these look a little different from these is because they have to switch manufacturing companies and that's the same for
nurse: The pill might look different. I think it's shaped the same it's just a different company. So I'll know then use the red one last, the one that has red square last. It's not a square, it's a triangle. Not a triangle, a rectangle.
nurse: What are those shapes right? Yeah, they're the same as just that these this company doesn't supply
nurse: the big 200 bottles they're working on it though. So it's going to be kind of a pain. I have to give you like three of these.
nurse: Usually it's like I have to give you 400 so it's like I usually have to give two of the big ones but it's like I can't do big ones anymore, at least for now.
nurse: That's why there's like an enormous amount of pills.
nurse: And then there's Januvia so I got you another big bottle. That and then the one that you're currently using here. Okay.
patient: So I'm not eliminating Januvia.
nurse: No it's like in addition to. So the needles that go with the lancets and then you've got these strips and the lancets that go with the meter. Here's the meter. Okay and inside this box is going to be like what you saw earlier with the black
nurse: Include your little lancing device that uses this. And I've included here an extra battery because the battery may or may not work on this thing so here an extra one for you. If that still doesn't look you can get them like at the store
nurse: Anyway, so here is a little
nurse: Chip that you first activated you can figure that out when you get home. If you have any trouble let me know but there's that and then
nurse: I'm sure I can hopefully put this all back together. Here's a lancet like I said. Here's alcohol pads for whenever you have to do the injection and to clean off your finger. If you don't want to use the the alcohol pads for your finger sticks, you can just always wash your hands.
nurse: I use those usually. I always did. You know make sure it's dry.
patient: Alcohol dries real fast anyway
nurse: Yeah, and then this is just like a nice little kit that has like a lot.
nurse: A lot of really good information as well in case you're bored
nurse: Reading material in case you're bored. This is actually a pretty good little booklet. This is actually really good. And then you've got like glucose tablets.
nurse: What would that be for?
nurse: For if you have any low blood sugars.
nurse: You can also use these. You can get these over the counter.
nurse: Some alcohol, some extra supplies.
patient: I immediately get good results, like if I eat after I eat one cracker, I already feel better.
nurse: The reminder like if you do feel like low or if you don't have a meter to check if you want to wait 15 minutes for the
nurse: kinda sink into your bloodstream and then check your blood sugars again, if you can check it again in 15 minutes if it's still low treat yourself again with some
patient: food you know. That's what I try to do, I can feel it coming on.
patient: And I've learned to just go.
nurse: No, that's excellent. That's it, you know.
patient: I really I really
patient: Try to take it serious, it might not seen that way but I try
patient: React to whatever's happened, you know.
nurse: And you know, I mean the thing is that sometimes like Dr. Holland just probably mentioned to you. You know the diabetes sometimes does kind of progress on its own accord and you know these medications will kind of help get back and get you back stable blood sugars. And you know, if you kind of let it kinda keep going
nurse: Sometimes it's thank you. Sometimes it's a
nurse: to the point where it starts affecting your other organs. That's what she was talking about. Yeah I heard she already came in and talked to you so that's awesome. Try to get this all back in here. So what I
patient: I even admitted to her I called her Patricia to you. She said well there's times I would have rather been named Patricia.
nurse: That's too funny. No, she's a hoot to work for she's so easy going
nurse: Really she's a gem. I'm just going to take one box out cuz we're gonna open it up.
nurse: We'll take one pen out and then
nurse: I'm gonna use your little machine or what? We're going to get a
nurse: Hold on just a second. So while you just take one and then what I'm going to do is I'm going to write on the box.
nurse: So that whenever you stick these two in the fridge and that you're going to grab the next one in line. At least what I like to do is just say and when they're opened on today's date. So 12.
patient: In fact, that's the way I used to get them by 90 days at a time. I would get three boxes. You know that.
patient: So what number am I starting with? 30? 15? Lower.
patient: 10. Oh 5. I see what you're talking about.
nurse: So it's going to be 10 starting tomorrow evening. So you're starting those just for today is just half of it, but so today. You're just doing 5, you don't have to worry about taking another dose later when you get home, but starting tomorrow evening, so I should probably write it
nurse: Correct. Bedtime. Evening. So 12/19 so you're in the pm.
nurse: So you're just going to do five for now and the reason why is just in case you have any kind of allergic reaction or anything like that
nurse: which I'm sure you won't because you've already had this before, but just to be on the safe side
patient: Well what I usually do too is I rotate between my stomach and my legs. I've never
patient: never wanted to do my arms. I'll do my legs and my stomach. I'll do the different sides and I'll do the different legs.
nurse: Just remember four inches away from the belly button.
nurse: so what you're going to do is
nurse: You'll just choose a spot there we're going to go and do that now and on the pen here what I like to do is just put the date also when you started it just kind of helps sometimes. And then what you can do with the pain when it's empty. You can spit like a little X on it.
nurse: I mean just to kind of help you remember cuz you're going to have a bunch of pens laying around.
patient: pack them in the refrigerator outside
patient: We have one inside that we use everybody uses and then the one outside just what keeps drinks cold or or whatever. I keep them out there.
nurse: So you got that.
nurse: And then I'm it's really important just like with the metformin and Januvia returning the bottles go ahead and return the boxes as well because I'm going to need those boxes with the numbers on them. So just return the empty pens inside the empty or inside the boxes for me. So go ahead and you remember how to do this part?
nurse: Yeah just rip that off and then you can
nurse: Just snap it on like it just snaps on and then take out the or screw it on and then you're going to remove that. Oh here you need an alcohol pad. Yes you do. These needles are so little and thin that you have to be careful.
nurse: And I was going say just kind of go straight in. Yep. Oh we didn't put it in I'm sorry.
nurse: I'm sorry. Sorry about that. Okay so it's 5 go ahead.
nurse: Let me hold it. Okay. I was going to say maybe hold it a little bit longer because see how it leaks. So make sure and just hold it a little longer next time you do it. I say wait ten seconds.
nurse: because then see how it leaked a little bit? We don't want you to not get the appropriate amount of medication. So that was good. So we're just gonna see how that looks and sometimes I just like to
nurse: I just like to kind of
nurse: Recap this so you don't poke yourself and then just kind of twist it off.
nurse: Just kind of twist off and then we put that in the sharps container, which I'm just going to put here. And then you can put that in the trash, perfect.
nurse: Just recap it and then you'll be using this tomorrow night. Okay, so I'm just going to put this like, right.
nurse: Right there. So that's easy for you too. Yeah this is all yours let me just kind of go over with you how we're gonna adjust your meds real quick while we gotta kinda wait. You can leave it untucked cuz I'll check on it before you leave. Make sure there's no reaction or anything.
nurse: I never had that problem.
nurse: I was going to say so like I said tomorrow night you're going to do 10 units. What you're going to do is start checking your blood sugars first thing in the morning
nurse: fasting in the mornings before you eat
nurse: before you take any meds. So start tomorrow morning with that. Regardless of what your blood sugars are tomorrow. You're still going to do 10 units tomorrow evening. Now, it starts changing the following day. So Wednesday.
nurse: You check your blood sugars Wednesday morning, if your blood sugars fall within
nurse: Whichever range let's say, for example, like today. It was 179, right? So let's say you're 179 again Wednesday
nurse: And then Thursday morning you check it. Let's say it's a 182, right? So you're going to move it up to 13.So you just kind of follow that pattern when we see or when you start noticing that it's kind of falls within this range or even I would say, even if
nurse: like 105, 110, 120 if it starts looking like it's pretty stable and steady.
nurse: And so I don't want you to keep going up keep going up keep going up. We want it to be in a stable place cuz right now what your blood sugars are probably doing is like it's 179 then it's like 134 or it's like 160 and still kind of doing this. We want it to just
nurse: Kind of not flatline, but that's a really poor analogy but you see where I'm going with it. So if you just go off of that. So the target is 80 to 100.
nurse: Said it's pretty it's pretty standard. So we just
nurse: wanna if it's like between like in the 120s if it's less than 130 80 to 130 is per the American Diabetes Association is what they or your goal is so if it is within that range, I'll just say hey Curtis yeah go ahead and stay at like 4 to 5 units whatever it is.
nurse: Now that's why I gave you three pens because each pen is 300 units and you got five of them. So.
nurse: It's so hard to predict how many. I wish I could predict that.
nurse: I wouldn't have this job. I can only do the best that I can.
nurse: Can and guesstimate now you have to tell me though like hey Anna and I'm running low looks like I'm on my last box or I'm on my last needle may need to you know, so but the other thing I was going to say is that I am going to follow up with you on a weekly basis for probably the next 3 to 4 weeks.
nurse: If you feel like you've got a good handle on it by all means you can just shoot me an email or a do use email? You can just email me what I'm going to need are your numbers. So we have a diary.
patient: Where is this chart or with diary here?
nurse: Do you want do you want a diary? Do you work better with like writing it down because you're going to be using your meter. Your meter is going to have all your numbers. So like when I call you I'll be like, okay. Do you have your meter on you? You can just pull your numbers from your meter or you can just write it down. I can give you a diary.
patient: I'm whole lot more comfortable with that than trying to figure out how to use something like that.
nurse: Let me get you a diary. So I'll get you a diary so like what I'm gonna need is your. Here let me write it down real quick so that you know what I'm going to be asking for so I'm gonna need
nurse: Like the dates of your reading of your blood sugar reading.
nurse: the date the amount of insulin, so
nurse: the number of units
nurse: insulin taken that day or that what you plan on taking that day and then the
nurse: Oh and then the blood sugar reading. The reading of that morning, so like tomorrow or not tomorrow.
patient: So the order the list is going to be the date, the reading, and?
nurse: Sorry I did it backwards. That's alright as long as I understand. So anyway these are switched. So anyway just those three and then it'll just be from
patient: The only reading you want is in the morning.
nurse: The morning. Because that's what's going to dictate how many units you'll take in the evening. I know it's a little
nurse: Okay, so that's what I'll need and then I'll call you. You say you have something I can write this on? Let me go get that little diary and then you can either email it to me or like when I call you, you can just read it off.
patient: I'll just wait for you to call me and you read it off.
nurse: So it'll be 1 week from now. So it'll be next Monday and I'm going to put a little alarm on my calendar. I'll probably call you in the afternoon cuz like I'm usually booked all morning seeing patients so if I miss you if I if I don't
patient: I'll have all the numbers you can always be called the next day and then I can give it to you.
nurse: Or you can leave it on my voicemail. You can do that too. I'll just call you back and say.
nurse: I'm about to go get that cuz I forgot. Oh wait no it's right here. Sorry, I forgot I put one here. So this is my direct line, and actually let me change my email.
nurse: Cuz with the Scott & White merger they
nurse: Changed our email accounts. Yeah, it used to be Baylor Health now. It's bswhealth.org.
nurse: and then the rest of the contents of this if you're ever bored, like I said there's a lot of educational material in here
nurse: And a lot of that you probably know about already since you've done this before so and if you have any questions, I mean, there's a lot of good stuff in there. Let me get that log book.
nurse: Okie dokie. So here we go.
nurse: so
nurse: You can put all your information there. Now this is kind of set up so that you know people who are on multiple insulins like they have to actually kind of count carbs and do all this stuff. You can just ignore that. Yeah.
nurse: So what you're going to do is like you can put obviously the date here. You can change this column to the blood sugar reading and then the amount of insulin that you did. So you just need technically like three columns you can just kind of
nurse: rename them.
nurse: So and this'll last you for quite a bit.
nurse: So I'm just going to stick that in there. So do you have any questions about any of the?
nurse: I'll call you if I do. Right right right so tonight. You don't have to worry about anything Tomorrow
nurse: night is when you do 10 and then starting tomorrow morning is when you start checking blood sugars, and I'll call you next Monday.
nurse: And you know how to take care.
nurse: Sounds like you've got a good handle on it. Oh yeah let me just check. Yeah there's just like a little red spot now I was gonna say sometimes you'll see a little bit of irritation around
nurse: start itching or gets kind of
nurse: Like elevated or something like that. I mean a rash forms. Let me know but that looks normal. Let's see if we can close this bag.
nurse: Yeah, it actually fits pretty well. Let me just turn this off. So we're pretty much done. So. Oh do you have the time on you? It's 11:16.
nurse: Alright so that completes today's visit. So current local time is 11:16 in the morning.
