nurse: Okay now it seems to be working now. We're going to start today today's study visit. Today is Friday December 1st.
nurse: Local time is 8:07 a.m. In the morning. My name is Andrea, clinical research project manager at grade study side 270. I am with a great study participant with ID number 27002.
nurse: 804
nurse: and he has given permission to have this visit recorded. This is
nurse: No other persons coming with us participant. This is a 12-month annual visit.
nurse: and that is that all right.
nurse: So to just ask the most important question this morning. Have you been fasting? Yes. Very good
patient: You haven't taken. No, I haven't
patient: What Kathy did the appointment for me? I put that in my calendar on my cell phone. My cellphone is so unstable. I don't see anything.
nurse: I will give you a card today for your next appointment.
patient: I knew there was a something in December
patient: Yesterday you just sent an email that was just all. I knew,
patient: that I put that in my calendar on my cell phone and it is has disappeared.
nurse: Okay, umm mysterious.
nurse: But I'm glad it works out. I think it was the cellphone, they put updates, and then you know, there is stuff that just gets lost.
nurse: but you didn't take your morning medication, your morning diabetes medication, right? No. Right, you did not, perfect. And no smoking. No super hard exercise in the last 8 hours.
nurse: No? Good, alright. So today we will do another glucose tolerance test. And other than that, I'll have a lot.
nurse: questions as usual. So, yeah
nurse: We won't poke you every half an hour, but we will draw blood every half an hour. So, I'll insert a line in a moment.
nurse: I look at your feet. We also need urine whenever you are, you know already, but we have about two and a half hours until we are done. So, why don't I start out with I'm getting you started with the test. So, I'm what I prefer because of
nurse: gravity is that that you lie down here because then your arm will be the lowest point.
patient: Have my blood drawn with the ... Yeah.
nurse: While I do my job, and you ...
nurse: and you relax, fall asleep, and let me do my job. So, I need to do ...? Nah, I'll make this, I'll change this when ...
nurse: Um, are you comfortable? Let me pull up the pillow little bit for you. How's that going?
patient: I'd rather sit there. Okay. Go ahead.
nurse: Yeah, have a sit. Yeah, I know whatever you're prefer.
nurse: Good. Let's get started. Do you have a preference, left or right? Are you right-handed or left-handed?
patient: I'd do the right arm. The right arm is always better. Is better? Oka. Because one time I tried left arm, it was just slow.
patient: Give will give you fluid, and it makes everybody happy.
nurse: Yes. They didn't ask me when they designed these rooms.
nurse: Alrighty, so this is not the first time for you. So, you know.
nurse: and we, um but we did change this
nurse: And I'm sure or if I hope you'll remember because I am not sure if that was already changed when you started or not. The first we said we would do this once a year. It's not once a year anymore. They find that they don't really learn any more,
nurse: if they do it every year. You're supposed to do it every second year. So that's kind of nice.
patient: So they're going to do that every other year. Yeah. So you don't have to drink that sweet sweet sweet drink.
patient: That was not.
nurse: I know I had to do this too. It's a weird kind of taste. I know.
nurse: Which one did you take lime or orange?
nurse: Do you remember?
patient: Orange would be fine. Okay.
nurse: We have choices.
patient: Oh, yeah, I know that I remember. I remember they were, they were flavors.
nurse: Yeah, we have orange and lime and let me go get that. Also. I need to get the tubes and I will be right back.
nurse: Some water from the water front. Some water for you to flush it down.
nurse: Alrighty.
nurse: First things first. Let me take a look. I apologize, my hands are cold.
patient: So you said you were um, you came from?
nurse: Holland? Germany. My last my last name is Dutch. You can put that on. I'm done. My last name is Vitia and that is Dutch, but I have no idea where that came from.
nurse: Make a first for me. Um, and of course, it's my husband name.
nurse: It seems is nice. I can't really see it, but it seems like it is really drawing.
nurse: And I'm just I'm actually going to leave you for a moment. I don't want on too long. It's going to kind of put everything little bit closer.
nurse: All right. I think we're in business.
nurse: Make a first again, you are making a fist all the time. Why are you pumping now?
nurse: So, between your last visit
nurse: with Kattie and todays. How's life's been. Anything or any exciting things happening
nurse: Have you been in the emergency room,
nurse: or the Urgent Care?
nurse: Accidents where you are the driver? Boring?
patient: I got rear-ended. No, wait, you did.
patient: I go to Detroit for work, right?
patient: So, it happens over there it's just that people drive crazy.
patient: I used to working on Ann Arbor for over for like 10 years.
nurse: Yes, but in Detroit they are more aggressive. Oh yeah.
patient: and it's like the more you get into downtown area, is the more
patient: like stop and go traffic and then just people were not paying attention. It's just that I've had like two accidents in the past year.
patient: S, my insurance just goes into the roof. Oh great ...
nurse: Thank you very much. Right and that's not because of your fault that is because people who are rear end you and you have no fault. Well, there was one that was my fault. There was? When was that?
patient: That was earlier in the year.
patient: I know, I was just a
patient: You know, you know.
patient: You know, in the springtime.
patient: Work at the sun starts
nurse: and the sun glows. Yes, it was in your eyes.
patient: It has hitting into my eyes and that I drove into a ditch
patient: you know, you look like a
patient: half a mile away from my house.
patient: but nobody was hurt. It was just a car. Yeah, but you could have gotten hurt.
nurse: So this what I just put in is just a what do we call the flushing solution to keep tool to clean and hold still for a moment longer? Cuz I
nurse: like to get this in the tubes before
nurse: it clots and then I'll put a bandage on your
nurse: needle so that you can
nurse: feel safe and move around and use your arm.
patient: and the, I told you my son are in senior year in high school right now.
patient: He did college visits
nurse: Was that exciting. Did we make a decision? It's kind of early.
patient: Um, he applies for full schools. One in Michigan
patient: and another one is Columbia University.
nurse: Okay, and why would you want him to go? Do you want him to get the experience of being far away or would you rather have them close?
patient: It's his decision.
patient: Yeah, but I rather him to just to explore.
nurse: Yeah life become.
patient: It's here is peaceful.
patient: Yeah. And um
patient: not much variety. Yeah, I get that.
patient: Nothing wrong. Nothing wrong. Nothing wrong absolutely but it he would go
patient: out of campus its kinds of life.
patient: So I thought that we need
patient: exposure to different cultures
patient: diversity. You know different things. Do you have a feeling about what he might lean towards?
patient: but he likes to go, he would prefer to go Columbia.
nurse: So, you are pretty much on the same page. Yeah.
patient: but is hard to get in. It is very difficult to get in.
nurse: Well, that's a different story. You know. If he doesn't get in and it's not because you know, then then the decision is not in his court. It's not like he was
nurse: You know.
patient: He would really like to have the opportunity to go there but
patient: You know given that admission rate is like 5%
patient: I keep my fingers cross for him when I'm not typing or putting on bandages.
nurse: So this looks pretty I'm happy with that and then I'm just going to put this
nurse: iv drip with should be fine.
nurse: Okay, good. That looks really good.
patient: Step number one. Step number one is done. Check.
nurse: It took us about 20 minutes. May take this away from you.
nurse: Yeah, I'm so for this drink. Do you want a cup for that or do you
nurse: drink out the bottle. Should I open it for you? Yes, please. And when you start drinking it you have 5 minutes to finish.
patient: And I have a ... water. Can you reach it ok?
nurse: and after you are done, you can actually put it on the table. This is all yours if you wanted and I will have some paperwork for you to complete in a moment.
nurse: Well in a moment in an hour or so, I have other things to do first. But yeah, so
nurse: let me check. Like a say ok, it need direction.
nurse: So what did we say 824 for the draw, and yes you are fasting. I already asked you that.
nurse: and so now I can tell you exactly when you'll be done.
nurse: at that will be 8:25 and that will be the last draw. And you drink coffee? Yes. Okay, I'll get you some coffee at that time.
nurse: Alright. You have to wait until then.
patient: Usually I would have my coffee. But is still there.
nurse: Yeah. Three cups uh, oh my
nurse: I will take the exams to the lab quick and then I will start asking you questions and then
nurse: I will draw again. So, blood draws from now and on will be
nurse: at 15 minutes, 30, minutes, 60 minutes, 90 minutes and120 minutes. ThatÕs a two-hour draw
nurse: We will fill the time in between with some like me looking at your feet for example. Whenever you're ready to go to the bathroom and you have to ...
nurse: We will have two hours from now on. So, we so plenty of time and I'll get you more water if you want more, and then I have some questionnaires for you to complete.
patient: okay, but I do the urine after this done? or it has to be done in between?
nurse: Are you concerned that you might accidentally pull it out?
patient: Right. I don't want to rush the needle.
nurse: I will put a bandage around it, and you'll be fine. Yeah, and it is okay to wait for 2 hours and then give us the urine when you're done that is okay. So, there is no problem with that.
nurse: but on the other hand you're welcome from our perspective to go at any time. You know pee other
nurse: you know patient's go, and if it says cuz you know, you might be concerned that you might get more. It's really not that.
nurse: That sent you know, if that bad but I'll put a bandage over it, and you'll be absolutely fine. So just let me know when you feel like you want to go. I'll be right back.
nurse: Yes. I'm not quite as complicated as things sometimes the PF.
nurse: Would you be ready for me to check your blood pressure.
nurse: I'll try your other arm. And then what have your arm?
nurse: Okay, let's put this thing.
nurse: So, we don't sweat that is done. Ok, are you comfortable?
nurse: very good
nurse: 117 / 79 and because it's so much fun. We'll do that again. Heart rate is 78.
nurse: Absolutely, perfect.
nurse: Will do everything twice.
nurse: 118 / 80
nurse: it's almost like
nurse: at one point off compared to before
nurse: Are you pretty diligent on taking your medication? Yes. How often forget them in a typical?
patient: Let's say a month.
nurse: Yes. Whatever you say itÕs the easiest.
patient: Last week, that will be bad on weekends.
nurse: on weekends?
patient: Yes, routine is different. You do things. It's not the morning one. I always
patient: Yeah, yeah. This is after dinner.
patient: It's like, at least I forget two or three times.
nurse: and in one month, 3 or 4 times on the weekends?
nurse: Mainly with dinner. Got it.
patient: I just forget. Okay, so you're doing things, then you are feeling bad?
patient: All right my medication. And do you know right away when
nurse: you forget? Well, I forget, usually you know usually is like
patient: next morning, right.
nurse: So you take two metformin in the morning two metformin in the evening, with food.
nurse: at what time do you take the Januvia or the Douglaston? And on the weekend is all different?
patient: But I think that on the weekend when I get up, of the first
patient: thing, that I take it this. When I get up, I take this.
nurse: Do you some food right after? Yes, sometimes. Sometimes, I take an apple, sometimes a banana.
nurse: Right. ok, and will give you more medication today.
nurse: I'm not done yet. How many do you have? I have a bottle. Then you have at least 30 because they come in 30, and then in 90.
nurse: and then, this is your metformin.
nurse: We usually gave you two large bottles. We don't have them at this time. So, I'll give you four of the small bottles and they have the big bottles have 200 pills.
nurse: and the small bottles have 100, so it adds up to the same amount. Can't believe I'm taking all of that. Mm, well, but you know, that's not bad.
nurse: I see, so your last A1C in August for 6.4. Congratulations. In May 6.5. In February 6.4. You are between the 6.4 6.5. That's a nice place to be, you are doing really well.
nurse: I'm so but also what that tells me.
nurse: because it came down since you started the study of that
nurse: You need it. You know, this is good for you.
nurse: Keeping your A1C in a range that will keep you as healthy as possible for as long as possible for all that we know right? I know nobody is going to wait. We're basing our knowledge on research studies and statistics and then we have unique people that
nurse: You know are, have their own.
nurse: Unique disposition, but we have to go by everything we know and you're doing really well.
patient: Does that makes sense? Yeah, well. So, when the A1C.
nurse: hits 7, and then you know, goes up
nurse: well, at least again, you know, it is research suggests that
nurse: the risk of developing diabetes complications is increased at that point and we keep an eye on that. That's why we check it every 3 months and and then we keep up.
nurse: with it. We make recommendations when we see it go up. The first thing we do is talk about diet and exercise if you more tool, you know, I'm sure you're doing well with
nurse: that, you are mind full of what you're eating. But there is wiggle room, and then we'll test it again. And then if it is still higher and we really don't actually act in terms of suggesting
nurse: intensified treatment until it is at or above 7.5 twice in a row, cuz we don't want to give you some time to you to make some realistic changes.
nurse: I bet you're not even close, so we don't even need to go there anytime soon and knock on wood.
nurse: You know, it's hard to predict you'll never know, you know, when diabetes decides to progress and that is different for everybody. It's really really there's no, you know, no way to say you know, from here, in five years for in 10 years, right, but when the time
nurse: when it comes, letÕs be ready. That's the message. Alrighty. So, let me see, we are good time wise. I'm going to get that next blood draw.
nurse: You are making this very convenient for me. Okay. The way you are sitting there holding your hand. If this is.
nurse: and are you right-handed or left-handed? Right handed.
nurse: So maybe for your comfort I will put a bandage around.
nurse: When itÕs time to complete the survey. So, you can free if you want. You really don't need to worry.
nurse: So you'll remember that we call it flashing that I flashed the tube with the solution and so the first syringe and going to
nurse: to get that clear liquid out,
nurse: and that will be discarded cuz I that is useless to us.
nurse: Are you donating blood? I'm just curious. No, not at this time. Me neither. I'm even not sure I can donate because I'm traveling to Europe.
patient: I'm might not be. Eligible? Yeah, I might not be eligible for that.
patient: What is so special about Europe. You know, years ago they had this disease. oh, yeah, and I don't think they have changed the rules since then. I'm not sure. So, I'm going to
nurse: I certainly would be open.
patient: So, how's Europe now? Generally, I mean there are a lot of things going out there. Explosions... do people feel safe? Generally, I mean
patient: Not everybody feels different I guess but there's a big city.
nurse: Yeah, well, I think that Chicago is still.
nurse: more dangerous.
nurse: You know what I mean in terms of being at the wrong place at the wrong time or
nurse: whatever but
nurse: my daughter lives in London and she works at Oxford Circle and she said she heard the
nurse: gunshots that turned out not to be anything, but she said they heard it and they were frightened, they lock the office and then she actually had a friend come and
nurse: Walk her home for comfort, not that that would have made her any safe but um
nurse: So, she is, you know London is
nurse: relax and
nurse: again I'll take blood
nurse: a then I'll be right back.
nurse: I just saw myself in mirror
nurse: I thought somebody was trying to work with you.
nurse: All right. I'll be back
nurse: So, let me actually look at your feet.
nurse: If you don't mind cuz
nurse: I will have that done before that
patient: So you there were any complications that you would start with the feet, right?
patient: Would that be the feet?
nurse: Well, it would it start with the feet. I wouldn't be confident to say that it would start with the feet. But the feet are an area where we do pay attention because you know how diabetes can affect the capillary.
nurse: So that's also the small, no the capillary
nurse: all the endings of your blood vessels with tiny little
nurse: ending sweep and there is oxygen exchange and nourishment and
nurse: Basic, it's it's everywhere in your body.
nurse: and so with a blood sugar in a healthy range.
nurse: that's your you know no problem with the circulation at the oxygen exchange at the place getting there with all these little capillaries are but that's also in your eyes, you know, I always little capillaries and also of course, you know everywhere but, in your feet, and those are the first
nurse: the farthest away from you know, your nervous central nervous system and your heart and so when
nurse: When the nourishment is not given, then the nerves are going to be affected.
nurse: So it's all connected right? It's all one big system. And so, when the capillary doesnÕt still nourish wherever in the body the area that they work um
nurse: Then you know, theyÕre up may be consequences and that is part of the process that might lead to what we called peripheral neuropathy where your feet are affected. When your feet are first and is sometimes the case that we can become numb
nurse: or a prickly sensation and I don't want to scare you because you know, again it varies very much. Do you have any problems with your feet?
patient: Well, maybe because of other reasons
patient: Because I have what they called spinal stenosis. Okay, so
patient: That was yeah that was diagnosed five or seven
patient: years ago. Okay, and
patient: I'm starting to lose, kind of strength. But this is coming from the back down, right? Well, the stenosis is happening
patient: for earlier. Yeah, okay. Yeah, so whole different mechanism.
patient: the over the years
patient: You know first I started.
patient: when, I'm waking I feel that I'm walking in a cloud of something. Oh no, yeah. That's must feel scary.
patient: It was scary. When then they tested, they said you are ok, you can still function. But over the years you tell the difference. Really, I can't lift.
patient: as much. So, just scoot back, just a little bit so your legs are dangling. No, so, you are fine. I just want to sit right here. Okay. Between my hands and scoot back and sit comfortably but your legs need to be dangling.
nurse: Because, IÕm going to feel for reflexes, your knees, your feet. I'm going to feel for your pulse on your feet, and then we're going to do vibration.
nurse: and first, I'm just going to look and feel with my hands. So, I'm sorry I did I interrupted you.
patient: So, it was over the years that I'm feeling like I slowly lose strength in my legs and then those teratomas.
nurse: It feels kinds of difference. Like a little...um? I cannot describe it. I just feel kind of different.
patient: These two, so, when I squeeze the toes like the big toe
nurse: Second and third this feels different?
patient: is they I'm walking they are different. I can feel your
nurse: touching. You can turn it back down. It's okay. It's no real difference where you would say. Oh, I don't even feel bad. ItÕs great, but when I walk there is lack of support.
nurse: hmmm good reflexes.
nurse: I'm so I don't want you to help me with anything just relax. Alright, if you can.
nurse: And I'm and I'm just going to do my job. Just related. Very good.
nurse: and this look a little bit like a needle. It is not it's what we call a monofilament and I'm going to poke your big toe. Each time you feel the poke say yes, and you need to close your eyes.
nurse: Are you ready?
patient: Yes. Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes
nurse: Good, the other on. You ready? Yes, yes,
nurse: So I'm just a little bit of feedback. Your feet look beautiful by the way but there is a little bit of callous right here. Probably your shoes are bothering.
nurse: for that, for that, do not every try to cut it up. Just in case you are tempted. No razor blades no scissors. OH no. I don't.
nurse: What I would recommend is that you soak your feet in warm water and then use a pumice stone and rub it a little gently.
nurse: When the callous cracks if those cracks are really deep and they hurt you don't have those yet. But just to prevent that from happening. It's more likely to happen here and
nurse: A heels are a very smooth. I have no concerns. It's not quite as likely to happen here.
nurse: This is tuning fork, and then it vibrates if feels like this and when
nurse: when I just touch this touch your foot with it
nurse: you will feel a vibration and with vibration it feels like this. You feel the difference? Very good and so, what I will do is to touch your big toe with the vibration
nurse: and then you let me know when you don't feel the vibration anymore.
nurse: I would still feel the vibration on my hands and I'm going to count the seconds.
nurse: After you say you don't feel it anymore. Okay, there we go, do you feel the vibration? Yes. Let me know when you do not feel the vibration anymore.
nurse: Do you still feel vibration? A little bit.
nurse: So this is what, let your feet hang your still a little yeah, we are still wanting to help this.
nurse: Touch only no vibration.
nurse: This is vibration. Tell me when the vibration stops.
nurse: Okay, and that's is normal.
nurse: Okay, and now, the other toe, the same thing, ready?
nurse: Do you feel the vibration. Let me know when you do not feel the vibration anymore.
nurse: Perfect. So, I have absolutely no problems with either of your feet.
nurse: No, almost no callouses, just a very little at this one toll between your toes your feet. Look nice and healthy. Your toenails look good.
nurse: Yeah, I mean sometimes this fungus and you don't have that so that's good. Um reflexes.
nurse: I feel the pulse really well. So, your feet are absolutely fine from what I can tell. Thank you. You're welcome.
nurse: So, you can put on your shoes and sock back on. Yeah, it is just a what I need to know it takes a little bit.
nurse: effort going downstairs, though.
patient: You find it? Yeah, I don't it is coming from the the type diabetes.
nurse: I agree with that. At least I think it is more likely that it's coming from your stenosis and but even more important to keep an eye on on the development and you know notice when things change.
patient: Yeah, you want me to do surgery next time.
nurse: What time do they want to do that?
patient: I don't know. I guess as soon as possible or eventually. I don't know.
patient: They suggested it at Atlanta when I saw the surgeon at the OU don't probably
patient: if you want to do it you can but if you don't want to do it you don't have
nurse: Okay, how many years ago?
patient: and now is like, I feel like itÕs getting to a point where it has to be done.
patient: and it makes me sweat the procedure of the surgery open open and that.
patient: why do they describe it with these details.
nurse: That's just what they have to do, right. I understand that. But to then its
nurse: routine. You know they do it all the time.
nurse: to you it sounds horrible.
nurse: but yeah so, I mean you got to wait. I mean if if it's like whenever you are ready then you know, can I live without a little longer or not Right But if there's a point where they would say now, it's too late.
nurse: you want to keep that in mind, right? Is that like that? Cuz I think that they eventually say you've waited too long.
patient: Wow. Yeah, they are there chances itÕs never like that. But also, they say, you know the success rate.
nurse: Yeah. There is a chance to improve.
patient: from the problem, from you no stop you from developing.
nurse: Yeah, so that's another consideration where you're like, oh.
nurse: you know, use the get the gist of
nurse: where I'm at right now and
patient: and a mere human suggest or
nurse: they don't know. I have you had some physical therapy.
nurse: No, I ask, and they said no. Don't even bother. I'm late.
nurse: and did you get a second opinion?
patient: Well, the thing is I went.
patient: to two different doctors, with different doctor meaning different hospital.
patient: Yes. Right, but they all kinds of well
patient: have the same opinion. The surgery would be thing
patient: because from their mind. Is surgery, surgery, we have this in surgery.
patient: but they don't want to.
patient: They say Chiropractic chiropractor probably won't help, so that therapist won't help with anything.
patient: You know, with these things.
patient: Yes, and that's not easy for you. Right, itÕs like a they don't even say okay, you can try that they say.
patient: But I think I will get it other things to try right before I go for surgery.
patient: Gulf Copper surgery. So, is it pain, numbness or is there pain?
patient: It's tingling pain. Is not that bad but is there.
patient: but then, you know itÕs going to get worse.
patient: and I think, ok I'll do surgery, and what's the prognosis? what happened?
patient: Is like for the doctor's that's okay. So, you
patient: don't know if it will stop.
nurse: So they don't know if surgery will really help you, but they say if anything is going to help you if it's only going to be surgery that nothing else that would help you. Is that what they are saying?
patient: They did not say that other options won't help. They only said that they don't have an opinion. That's what they said.
nurse: It's tricky right. I mean that we are not the expert in the experts aren't really helping.
patient: Great. Thank you. Have seen before a surgeon and a neurologist.
patient: There's no guarantee and it needs to get worse.
patient: because of the pain. Just the other day they tell all the risks and then at the end of the day itÕs me who needs to make the decisions and itÕs like I don't have that knowledge
patient: You know putting the patient in terms of a you know to make a decision is really
patient: I don't have the knowledge. I don't see the picture. You know, I have an appointment with surgeons the doctors you know, and itÕs based on a two-hour conversation.
patient: at that time I was like, okay, so I just don't feel like it's a little weird when I walk but then nothing else.
patient: and that changed, there is no other symptoms.
nurse: but now, this progression. Yeah, definitely. How old are you again? I'm fifty-two. You are too young.
patient: Yes, I could be because I'm taking Lipitor. Because that one of the side effects with Lipitor is muscle pain.
nurse: That's possible and did you ever stop the Lipitor to see if the muscle pain goes away and then start again and what's their relationship? Oh yeah, definitely. Because there are other statins that you switch to.
patient: Great. I need to talk to my family doctor. Yes. You know to think it carefully.
nurse: I think you have a good point here because if you are to make a decision about having surgery, you want to make sure of what else might be causing your pain.
patient: It's not like okay surgery is okay. Right, it could be better, it could worst, it could be worst. Two out of three say you could go out of pain. But that being said, if you don't do surgery.
patient: You know, you'll get worse.
nurse: Yes. So how long how long is safe to wait?
patient: They say ok. Worse come to worse, you know, do you know sitting in a wheelchair?
nurse: If you don't do anything. You could
patient: you could, say they you could.
patient: You know go that way. I mean if they don't then do anything.
nurse: but they keep an eye on you though. They keep an eye on how it's getting worse?
nurse: Because if it's getting worse faster all of a sudden then, maybe that'll help you.
nurse: Yeah, they say okay, you told me you could can walk then you don't need surgery.
nurse: With MRIs or so. I'm going to be right back, but at I'm going to do it that
nurse: I'd like you to start filling out the survey. This is a survey that is going to be read by a computer
nurse: So we need to fill the bubbles, no not xs or check marks, just fill in the bubbles just like that. These two are also questions. Sometimes people skip them because they think these are examples. So, if you start with this and then I'll come back in a few minutes.
nurse: and then Dr NAME will also come, and then we will talk some more. Okay
patient: Things like I meant to do that but I
nurse: Okay mark the other circles. Okay, these should not be circles. It wasn't, it was never. Okay no problem. And then I'll continue with the other.
nurse: Because if you want and can get you a new sheet and then you don't need to copy it.
nurse: Yeah, I'm going to go get it., and this are good?
nurse: hahaha okay, yeah
nurse: and I'm going to get a new sheet, so you don't need to copy it. Because is being read by a computer and it will copy it really quick. ItÕs not a problem but we can save one step.
nurse: I need this here and I'll take this.
nurse: So, what do you do for exercise. I kind of walk around. Yeah, do you walk a lot at work?
patient: Yes, well, I I walk
patient: Probably like 20 minutes half an hour.
nurse: like intentionally for exercise
nurse: That's great. Yeah.
patient: not as much as
nurse: That's you know good to you.
nurse: Do you have a pedometer?
patient: In my phone yes. I am like around 5,000.
nurse: Already for today or every day? Okay.
patient: I mean. I used to. Las year I was out like a 8000
patient: ItÕs just that I get tired and it's that.
patient: ItÕs like I walk to much. I think I the beginning of this year.
patient: I walked like 12000
patient: You know and then I don't know if I over exercise for what you just said.
patient: I'm getting really tired of for doing that doing the same kind of distance.
nurse: the 20 minutes is impressive though. You know, that's a good discipline that you have there. I applaud you for that.
patient: I guess it's better than nothing, right? Anything is better than nothing, right?
patient: Carbs still, you know whatever that you either is always you even a sandwich, you know, there is just carbs.
patient: It's just very hard to stay away from those. You know, I mean, especially you buy lunch. Do you buy lunch?
patient: Oh, yeah. Every day, wherever it is, thereÕs a piece of bread in there.
patient: but then the thing is I if I don't eat that bread. I'm going to be hungry.
patient: But I'm controlling the volume.
nurse: ItÕs not that I we are saying that you can't have break, right. Is portion size management.
nurse: Good job. I mean, that's exactly what we are asking, be mindful of the portion sizes. And also, and I started with a carbohydrate when you pick your food when you go out for lunch.
nurse: you can look at your plate and looks how its proportioned in your plate. The veggies, the salad, the protein first. Cuz you can fill out with that.
nurse: You still hungry, that's a different story
nurse: I try to eat a lot of vegetables, you know, fruits have a lot of sugar.
nurse: Fruits. Sugar is there again, you know you need some from fruits, some fiber, some of that is good.
nurse: So what is your favorite meal?
patient: I cannot be trick yet more, but I like noodles.
patient: I like all kinds of noodles. That's good.
nurse: definitely good to be um with vegetables?
nurse: it's a high carb. Pasta is high carbohydrates, but you can eat it.
nurse: Hi. Please come in. Did we meet before? No, I don't think we have.
nurse: So is the visit going so far. ItÕs very great. Everything is good. This is my second.
patient: This is the annual visit. You started this program a year ago? and a year ago we started recording so Dr NAME just entered the room.
nurse: Its 9278 recordings. It's right there, and we don't need to worry about anything else. Its right there. The whole visit is being recorded okay.
patient: but is recorded for every session.
nurse: You are used to it. I guess we'll go right back.
nurse: You did not finish your sentence about paste Since you enjoy pasta, and of course that is multigrain or whole grain pasta, if you don't like it, you can mix it up
nurse: you can get used to it. I tried that with whole wheat grain, but I don't like the taste of it.
nurse: Its half and half, okay?
nurse: okay, I thought you are going to say: okay, no pasta.
nurse: I will be right back. Do you have his chart? So, your A1C had been always quite good? I try to
patient: keep up with it.
patient: and like you said no pasta. Right? Yes, I try to eat less carbs. And how how is it is for you to do so?
patient: It's hard to stay away from carbs it is.
nurse: but you think it's making a difference.
patient: Oh, yes. Oh, yes carbs. I mean when I first
patient: learned that I was diabetic. You know the first thing the doctors told me was
patient: was to the limit intake of carbs and
patient: that that definitely makes a difference.
patient: You know, my diet was a lot of rice, a lot of wheat. You know, I'm Chinese.
patient: and rice is a part of my diet.
nurse: Absolutely, and I was just about to say that such a central component.
patient: You know, I eat rice twice a week. Very little I mean compared to
patient: it used to be rice daily.
patient: Now is it is it very little.
patient: and then a for lunch I have a
patient: You know the burger kind of bread that that's about it.
patient: so, yeah, I tried not to eat much carbs
nurse: An end of you know taking the medication is not
patient: a problem, right. Metformin, obviously, you have been doing that even before. You do take twice a day a thousand milligrams.
nurse: without any problems right. No, I don't see any difference. And then about the Januvia. You are fine with it.
patient: You take it every morning. Yes, I don't see any side effects
nurse: So, letÕs see, the rest of your medication is just some vitamin D3 vitamin B12 and
nurse: fish oil, that's all you take right? And, the Lipitor. Right. I see the Lipitor.
nurse: See, how is the weight weight has been more or less?
nurse: within the same age ready around
nurse: any other
nurse: You know, new medical issues since your last visit?
patient: It's like I just talking to Andrea. You know, I was I I have a spinal stenosis. Okay, right and that that was.
patient: I had an MRI.
patient: 7 years ago
patient: And that showed me you know stenosis, right and at that time the symptoms.
nurse: Is there, you know, it's not much but it's there. You know it. In both hands?
nurse: Just one hand. And when is the pain occurring? Is it all the time? Is it in the morning after you wake up?
patient: During the day is a little bit better by then. During the night is worst. So, during the night is worst.
nurse: and have you been evaluated to see if you have carpal tunnel? We can do a test right now. Oh, really?
nurse: And in this area that you describe. Did you check this side? Yes, and there was nothing unusual.
nurse: so, show me exactly where the pain is. I need to work at now.
nurse: is just the tingling. But you felt the tingling when I did that. No, itÕs very, even now
nurse: How do you describe it? Is it burning, shutting, or is it deep?
nurse: You want a splint? That's an easy thing to wear at night and then see if your symptoms are better? Just by wearing that, because there is a little of entrapment here that would explain the numbness.
nurse: This could help with the pain, the way you are describing. I'm not saying you don't have stenosis but the rest of the symptom
nurse: I mean, this symptoms by itself might not necessarily related
patient: Great. I mean this is nothing compared to the two episodes that I have.
patient: early in a year in a year my home.
patient: shoulder arms for like
patient: it was really painful, and I have to get.
patient: prescription painkiller. Yes, that's different. And this is nothing compared to that.
patient: And the whole thing arms shoulder thing. Had to episodes one in May in another one in July, and the lasted more than two weeks.
nurse: Hey, and now you are pain free?
patient: After that, I just have the feel that you my arms are not as strong as before.
nurse: Who is managing you for the spinal stenosis 10-point?
patient: Nobody is a managing. You know, I have two MRIs done and the really the recommendation, you know, I saw a neural surgeon and I saw something about time they were like if you.
patient: If I'd wanted to do surgery I can and itÕs like I don't want surgery.
patient: You know, so he really wasn't conclusive kind of suggest, oh you need to do surgery if you can't wait.
nurse: So, besides this I understand that this is actually could be pretty traumatic.
nurse: any abdominal pain, nothing? No vomiting.
nurse: I don't know. Are they any questions that would like to discuss with me in particular?
patient: I'd would like to understand because I've been taking metformin for so many years and now, I'll start taking the second medication, right? And um, what are
patient: the side effects that I might see or something I might feel? I mean I occur that it might affect
patient: like kidney functions? Who would affect kidney function? Which one?
patient: the new medication, Januvia? and where did you hear that?
patient: because I was tested for
patient: like a kidney function
patient: Because I'm taking this medication, you know that diabetes medication.
nurse: I don't think this is necessary true and I don't know how the information has been discussed with you in the past. First of all, I'd like to mention.
nurse: both of these medications are pretty safe used particularly metformin has been used for now almost 50 years, so there is no other.
nurse: Besides answering either diabetes medication that we have more data and also for long-term data than metformin is and we still I ask about this medication mechanism of action
nurse: that can benefit of diabetes management now you do have an annual exam as a diabetic even if you wouldn't be
nurse: part of this trial. Because this is standard of caring for diabetes or even more than once a year, depending on how often you are able to be seen by your primary care physician and assessing kidney function is part of it
nurse: not because you take metformin but
nurse: we in a clinical trial, the level of
nurse: follow up in the level of monitoring it's much higher just because this trial has very important question to answer. Of course, the main question is is that and I know that that should have been discussed with you at the beginning.
nurse: when you were enrolling in GRADE
nurse: but I'm happy to give you again an overview as it seems that you did not get that information very clearly. So, the reason that GRADE has been design is because
nurse: we have another agent besides metformin. Okay, and we had a right now about 10 classes of agents to treat high blood sugars in type 2 diabetes, and we know that they are all pretty effective in lowering the blood when they are combined with metformin
nurse: but we don't know whether besides than lowering the blood glucose, there is a combination that might have more benefits. That's why we capture all this information.
nurse: complication and also and also whether there is a particular combination that can keep you from progressing, in your, you know in your pancreas
nurse: you know, progressing failure to produce your own insulin and not need a third medication. Because this is a very important information that we need to be able to provide to all the people, to all the physicians
nurse: so, that's why we do all this research, alright. Because of that we are obviously
nurse: following like the protocol specifies measures of your
nurse: pancreas, how it works, you know, testing when you drink the um
nurse: sweet glucose and we also monitor blood pressure, kidney function and cholesterol and everything else. There is no effect at all of how kidney function interacts with
nurse: However, if that is already advanced.
nurse: chronic kidney disease, because of the weight of the kidney is unable to clean up some of this medication then they cannot be given, so what I'm trying to say is that if people have you know,
nurse: is above stage 3 of chronic kidney based you know some number of the lab. We may no longer be able to continue with medication. There is no evidence whatsoever
patient: is not that the medication that causes
nurse: No, not all. I think itÕs so important when we filter this type of information that we might hear through friends or you know, reading. Because there is a lot of garbage on the internet.
nurse: it maybe also misunderstood. Then again, this information should have been given to you during your initial visit in GRADE. But I'm happy that we have a chance to clarify because it seems you still have
patient: probably this is information that I've been given but I just... there was a lot of information. You forgot. Alright.
patient: And that you know, we will read through those material. Do you look like
patient: if it's not bad it is what I read it, you know, you pick the words that seem to be familiar with and that is like
patient: you're not thinking you know, you're like, oh how I'm think I'm at work together right different kind of
nurse: So is this now clear to you?
patient: Yes, thank you for for for explaining the idle is dissolved.
nurse: This is with metformin in general, especially if metformin is not correctly taken people might have a little bit of you know stomach upset or diarrhea but itÕs nothing
nurse: to be worries about. And then
patient: You know. So, you recently have any problems. Yes, because yeah.
patient: You know what you were a lot of that the first the symptoms or side effect that I was told you.
nurse: That you might be experiencing, like diarrhea. Again, you know
nurse: is very different from patient from patient, and secondly, sometimes people are not correctly explained how to take the medication, which was obviously not your case. Some people are more sensitive, but itÕs also very different
nurse: you have been well for a while so don't you know, there is a reason to be concerned.
patient: Okay. There is nothing to worry. That's a good thing.
nurse: Hey, so again we are also
nurse: monitoring it. But anyway, we also would like to thank you so much for you know helping us, working with us in answering these questions
patient: I'm happy this is very helpful, very
nurse: I'd like to stress how important and how grateful we are because we could have lots of ideas but without your help, we could not carry them.
patient: I'm helping myself as well to be honest. I had to be monitored just
patient: for my own benefit
patient: Not just the one side that help. It helps me to get more discipline and to be able to have a chance to me.
patient: with the, um with you,
patient: Andrea, or Kathy, just to talk about things to talk about what's going on in your life and
patient: How things are going with medication and all that I think
patient: you know, you are a family doctor.
nurse: How many business days? We have to see you only a limited amount of time.
patient: Its helpful to have the time. To listen to you, to talk about the details. You know itÕs like
patient: Okay, saying we're okay with prescription, you know
patient: You know, sometimes I don't see I don't see the whole picture. You wouldn't even my family doctor that you have. You know, I I don't want to point fingers or anything. It's like, you know.
patient: I'm like for every appointment I make with her I wait for one hour, and once I got in, I wait for another half an hour because she will look at my chart.
patient: Call what what I have what I have. You know that's why itÕs very different. You cannot judge the time spent with research with care because the care is not
nurse: is not your doctor who sets the rule of how much time is she is allowed to spend with you. is a much more complex question. I understand that. And that is applicable to everybody. Yes, I understand
patient: You know, there are so many patients that need to be seen.
patient: That's why I'm saying I am thankful. You know, I'm just
patient: Very thankful in from that perspective, you know.
nurse: What you just said made my day, thank you and that it is truly a pleasure to have met you in person.
nurse: And I have a question for you. I'll be right back. Thank you.
nurse: Is time for the next draw.
nurse: This is actually so convenient, very good, and then this is for you.
nurse: Yeah, and if any other questions come up after.
nurse: sometimes after seeing the doctor we think, oh no, we talk about it I had another question. Let me know, you can also can always email me or send me a message and will answer to you. But I think your questions were good questions.
nurse: We you know, and even though we may have gone over this at the beginning. It's been a long time.
patient: It's a lot of stuff a lot of stuff. You know, I think I would at least I got like three or four folders.
patient: Yes, that is all very a lot of a lot of it. It is very scientific language and for me itÕs okay. Do I need
nurse: Don't ever hesitate to ask. We are more than happy; don't think you have to know all because this a lot. And you know if you have the same question with the kidney disease, you understand that now, but if this is unclear in a month.
nurse: And you know, what was the relationship again and why we do this?
nurse: Never mind, if you don't know, ask again. ItÕs fine.
nurse: Because I know myself. It is interesting to some people think when I go to the doctor and I say I'm a nurse. They think I know stuff, right.
patient: Yeah, I was just describing the experience with a regular family doctor. You have a very limited time.
nurse: Yeah that it's just that I cannot
patient: Thank you guys, really? Really, I need to be honest. I'm just being honest, and you know that.
nurse: That is a compliment and you know, and I appreciate.
patient: Yeah, I really feel like you guys care, you know. Yeah, we do.
patient: You know the doctors, my family doctor, I feel that they are really busy.
nurse: They care but also, we do a lot of time management stress right? because it's being prescribed how much time they have and never have enough.
nurse: yes, but the things is, you know this is a doctor visit, and you know, for each visit
patient: Yeah, and that seems unfair especially considering that they don't have much
patient: time. They don't have time to read patients files before appointment. It's okay you get call in and they go to their desk to look at your chart.
nurse: Yes, I know exactly what you are talking about. Okay, since you have folders at home that are not full enough yet.
nurse: I have this for you get to keep this cover sheet and I will make a copy of the forms that I'm going to go over with you the first one applies to you in the sense that I will let me back up a little bit, sometimes
nurse: participants participate in several studies and they
nurse: they got money for participating in each study. And we also give you a money for each completed here. So, congratulations today is your first anniversary. You will get $100 simply because you are in the GRADE study and $25 because we swift another survey.
nurse: and that is 6 Pages or so. So that's a bit more than you had originally agreed on. So, we add $25 for that. And so as soon as so for each individual research study that the patient may be participating in as soon as you make more than $100, we need to report.
nurse: your social security number to the university. When I know that they pay you and itÕs all completed um
nurse: So you this is where you write down your social security number and I take a sharpie and scribble over it and then I not yet.
nurse: And then when and then also, I read that your social security number from the electronic form which also means that we'll ask you every year cuz we don't have access to your social security number you gave it to the University of Michigan at some point. We cannot access back and it's a good thing, right?
nurse: So today I'm just mentioning what we do with your Social Security number. So, I just didn't ask the Sharpie and the reduction and then this form continues on page two with our contact information and then on page.
nurse: three, I just need you to document that I told you this by printing your name signing your name, writing today's date, and your date of birth. I will complete the rest.
nurse: Make a copy so, you know you didn't accidentally fill an additional portion.
nurse: I'm going to switch this because it would be better. This has implications in your in all of this is important for your information remember when you first completed
nurse: when, you first joint the study we made you sign the consent form. This is addendum.
nurse: to that consent form, and everybody has to sign it. But really, this is only interesting for people who are taking the NAME or the NAME. So, you know no medications come without any risk of side effects and whenever
nurse: they find a new statistical risk we always let you know, and I told you that if you very first visit with us, so we intentionally have
nurse: a conversation about that end with the NAME what they found is that the risk for heart failure is increased with medication similar to NAME. So, and then so that means if you ever have
nurse: any symptoms that indicate that something may be wrong with your heart, but you know hopefully that won't ever be the case.
nurse: We want to know right away, and we will tell you to stop the NAME and get checked out and then we'll end evaluate what's going on. And again, this is the beauty and a sense of being and research that we will be on your case right away. If you experience any symptoms, especially if they start suddenly
nurse: You have been in the NAME for a year,
nurse: and so far, so good and hopefully it'll continue that way. But it is important for you to know that the next section is the same information in more words, and it also repeats what we already talked to you before about NAME then I just done a general summary.
nurse: and then this paragraph remind you that you are in the driver's seat, even though this is research and we follow a protocol. The protocol is based on what we think is in our patientsÕ best interest.
nurse: So that way keeps up with any changes in your health, especially diabetes-related, but in the end, you are the person saying you know what
nurse: you know, this is not working for me. So, its that's ever the
nurse: case then we will um
nurse: value your opinion and have a conversation and thatÕs the gist the main messages you need to know. We need to know, and we'll have a conversation about that and, but you are the decision maker in your own health. We can only make recommendations and give you guidance on what we think is best. Right?
nurse: And then this are a reminder that the institutional review board is our oversight agency. If you ever have any concerns or questions above and beyond the grade study or about how I do
nurse: my job, right. Definitely you can turn to them and they will make sure I do what I'm supposed to do right now. Again, this is our contact information.
nurse: So it's December already?
nurse: how did that happened?
nurse: Can you believe I wrote 18 a few times
patient: on your reminder card?
nurse: I will put this with your medication.
nurse: Can I get you to look at your calendar for your next visit?
patient: It would be 3 months from now.
nurse: Yes. It would be around February 18th. This is our visit calendar.
nurse: We have a window. So, we're are at another so quite a bit of flexibility of this is so tall that they said like to see you before the 18th of February.
nurse: If possible and what time of the day works best for you? Friday? Fridays works best? and then what time would you like to come in?
nurse: Yeah, okay at 8 a.m. On Friday the 16th.
nurse: This is the 1-hour visit?
nurse: Yeah, it's going to be less than an hour.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: Unless we start talking about the holiday season or about our next vacation.
patient: You know what. Let's make a make it at 8'o clock on Friday.
patient: Yeah, that day I work from home.
nurse: Alright, you have my permission.
patient: It used to be like I always do this in the late afternoon.
patient: Oh, yeah, okay fighting traffic back here. It's just not no fun at all know. It's stressful and then your blood pressure is high, and I worry.
patient: No, itÕs true after that, you know, my blood pressure is over a 140.
nurse: We cannot have that and see this is when I write 18 at 8 a.m. And I'm going to make sure I'll write down no fasting needed.
nurse: So you can have breakfast, you can take your medications. And so, this is your reminder and another reminder for me. Are you coming to the luncheon tomorrow?
patient: Unfortunately, that won't be possible.
patient: Yeah, I got you a card. I got your letters, I got everything.
patient: But tomorrow it would be
patient: there is a
nurse: okay, I got to sell stuff. I got a sell for high school.
nurse: well, I mean that it's important to and
nurse: and you know, this is really important for your your son by the
patient: Well, its. They are sending them. Can you believe that. HeÕs high school has 70 swimmers.
patient: 70 it's a huge team.
patient: And they are having trouble getting volunteers. That is unbelievable.
nurse: Yeah, that is odd. I agree. Yeah.
nurse: Thank you, because I think you are doing a good thing for your son.
patient: So they need that, so.
patient: I call my wife on an IRA.
nurse: Okay. I'll let you complete that. That's quite a bit of paper work for you and will come back in about
nurse: ten minutes for your, and this will be your last blood drawn, and I also will have some coffee then for you. Thank you.
nurse: You can pick one. This is a lunch bag.
nurse: An insulated lunch bag. This is a nice strong flashlight.
nurse: This is a pedometer I know you have one on your phone this would
nurse: be on your belt or so and you can use it to maybe validate the
patient: data make sure is the same. So, you are marketing it Yeah, I'm marketing just like you tomorrow.
nurse: So you do what you need to do is pick one of this and I can just leave them here for you to contemplate and then. Which one you like? I'll be back.
nurse: I will interrupt for the last final blood draw.
nurse: Can we just put this on top. There you go. Did you make a decision? Yeah, I will just take that
patient: It would be useful around the house
nurse: I will agree with that. I'm going to do some mountain climbing there.
nurse: So high. I could help.
nurse: So, I don't want to make you work. We are grateful that you are here.
patient: We can use that but just in case.
nurse: What are you going to do after this visit?
patient: Work from home. I got a lot of things to do there.
nurse: But isn't it better to work for a car private seller?
nurse: Its really good.
nurse: Okay, so I apologize in advance for the pulling.
patient: It's actually not a sweet meet, but that is a fundraising activity for the swim team.
patient: Yap training but that is a meet, that is.
patient: I see. But we were told to go in to sell stuff.
patient: You are basically selling to other parents. Yes, itÕs a charity or something.
patient: Something going out like that. Yeah, cheerleading or pomp pomp or something like that.
nurse: Okay.
nurse: Alright, youÕre all done with that.
nurse: I may have grabbed. No, no. No. I do that. You don't need to thank you. I just wanted to make sure I didn't grab any.
nurse: Your paperwork. Thank you for helping me.
nurse: I'll put this a little closer. Thank you. You're welcome.
nurse: Okay, I'll walk with you. I'll show you.
patient: I haven't tried it, probably
nurse: I've never like a cold pack a day or something like that. And what about alcohol do you drink alcohol?
patient: Not much. I drank beer.
patient: But I was never over 2-3 two bottles a day.
nurse: So you don't drink daily or weekly just occasionally?
patient: Got it. Never tried before.
nurse: Oh, I wanted to ask you. Do you ever check your blood sugar? Um, like the needles no. You don't have to, we don't require it. I'm just curious. No, I don't like poking.
patient: You don't have to. Right. I was like, I think.
patient: at our early like a year ago when we were talking about four different types
patient: of but most of them were poking.
nurse: I get that. So that worked out for you.
nurse: But you know, when the time comes and hopefully in the far future. ItÕs not that bad, I promise. I guess I shouldn't be promising but that's what we find most of the time itÕs not really that bad.
patient: She's diabetic as well. Okay.
patient: When we first
patient: got all medication. He was doing that daily.
patient: You know blood
nurse: glucose measuring. In the morning like fasting, every day. Oh, he did it that often. At least two times a day and then
patient: fair enough after a couple years he itÕs like that no, I don't want to do it.
nurse: yes, and that worked out for him.
nurse: Yeah, you know we know when we do it, we know why we do it right and sometimes.
nurse: He had never had any other medical problems that one day. He was just call me and said I'm sick.
nurse: And then he told you that he was diagnosed with diabetes and that was quite a shock at the time.
nurse: Then the times were different too.
nurse: Quite like nowadays
patient: and I thought I was
patient: diabetic, when I was in China. You know now before this. I used to eat fast food.
patient: And then they say diabetic. What a course.
patient: Diabetic diabetes look like a big hurdle at that time in the seventies.
patient: You know a lot of people there are like, okay. So, look at
patient: You don't care of me. Look at America Lifestyles and almost.
nurse: Yeah, and I can tell you because I can see the difference is, I only go home about once a year and I can tell you when I first left and when I come back now.
nurse: you were overweight. Yes, being overweight significantly over
nurse: I think it is worse than it used to be and in what I also notice is the extremes, you know, we may have had a little bit of obesity but now
nurse: its morbidly obese, there is more people that is morbidly, and you know when I
nurse: was living there you would see if a person occasionally and you would go. Oh, you know, wow. Wow, that's unusual of never seen a person like this before now. It's no nothing on the usual, its everywhere in the globe.
nurse: At least in the developed country
nurse: I'll be back. I'll let you just sit quietly and enjoy your coffee.
nurse: You are getting there. How many more pages?
patient: All right. I'll come back in a moment.
patient: I'm a slow reader.
patient: I am done.
nurse: You complete it, and did you think of any more questions for me?
patient: So after this is a five-year study, so after 5 years what happens?
nurse: After 5 years, we will know what insurances pay for what you know, what the situation is that the time.
nurse: And make an informed decision about a suggestion about your continued care. Hopefully everything can stay the same and you will go back to either your primary care physician or any endocrinologist that you name.
nurse: And then we'll make sure that there's a safe transition.
patient: Okay, so we'll continue with the medication.
nurse: You but it seems like the medication does what it's supposed to do in your case to keep your A1C below 7%
nurse: And so yeah, we wouldn't take that away. I mean we wouldn't recommend that that is being taken away. But the funding for your medication will then go back to your insurance.
nurse: And so and that is the thing. We're right. Now. We wouldn't really be able to say, you know, your insurance is paid for that for the most part. That'll be the case.
nurse: If it's not then they will pay for another medication in the same class, or do you know?
patient: is name brand or is it a generic?
nurse: it is call sitagliptin
patient: So what I'm taking is a generic form or is it brand.
nurse: I think it's a brand but I'm actually only 99% sure I can check.
nurse: And they will be alternatives. It will always be alternatives.
nurse: That are good. You know, other choices.
nurse: Because we are testing what we are also saying, I mean you're on one medication when I'm switching around, but it represents.
nurse: a class of medications and we are looking at the four most commonly prescribed classes. So, there is some room to switch within the class, right?
nurse: And also what we're looking for is do certain medications work differently for different constitution, say or weights.
nurse: or age, or duration of illness. So based on their findings, your doctor might give a publication saying this might be actually better for you. And then you decide you know, this has always worked. Well if my insurance is paying for it, this is why you know, which one when we get.
nurse: We will make an informed recommendation.
nurse: and we will make sure that your transition is smooth.
patient: All right a little bit like an early too early to to pick file tab on his own for years old.
nurse: but yeah, but the time will pass and when the time comes, we need to be ready. And that's how is going to be.
patient: No, I'm good. Thank you very much for your patience. No problem.
nurse: Take that with you, and then I will see you next year happy.
patient: happy holidays all of the next year.
nurse: So we are all set good to see you.
patient: If I don't call you or
nurse: Really. I will email you
nurse: results early, well, I Tuesday.
nurse: I will email them to you as soon as I find out.
patient: Okay to take your coffee with your or is it cold.
patient: I will take the granola bar. Thank you so much.
nurse: The visit is complete. The current local time is 10:59.
