nurse: Now, we are going to start today's GRADE study visit. Today's November 9th 2017 and the current local time is 8:19 in the morning.
nurse: My name is Andrea Valtier
nurse: I am the clinical research project manager at Great study site 270.
nurse: I am with the grade study participant with the ID number to 700-2277 and he has given permission to have this visit recorded and no other persons in this room.
nurse: This is a 12-month annual visit.
nurse: And prior to the recording we have assessed weight
nurse: and blood pressure. And now we're just standing talking about what to expect today. So the first thing I'm going to do and I like to do that when you're lying down.
nurse: "Is um start what we it's not an IV, we're not dripping anything into your body, but we're leaving in the needle so we don't have to poke you every half an hour away."
nurse: And then doing the visit. I will look at your feet.
nurse: and asked you a lot of questions as usual and then it's going to be pretty boring for the most part. So I am glad you brought some magazines
nurse: Do you have any questions at this point?
patient: "Oh my God, as soon as you get the first blood and I drink that lovely ..."
nurse: Yes.
nurse: And then I just wake you up for no.
nurse: "So first of all, I'm just going to look at your arms."
nurse: "Do you have a preference, you say a better arm? Do you know?"
patient: I don't know usually.
patient: What do they make U of M?
nurse: Kathy in the building by just in case and
patient: I'm going in here we think.
nurse: So I'm going to look here first because I don't want to scare you but it hurts a little bit less.
nurse: But I also will.
nurse: "No, because if it's more likely that I'm successful or someplace else."
nurse: Will ask you if I may.
nurse: "No, no, I don't need."
nurse: Yeah.
patient: "Riley can't save a file. I can't save the fail. So it's a constant tale. So you know, she doesn't want to write an email."
patient: "You know, if you call me every hour then I'm not going to ever get anything done if you keep interrupting me. This thing is valuable to me"
patient: his attitude for the first two or three
patient: "That's for you, who cares? Ok, fine, I won't do anything. "
nurse: "Yeah, cuz it's in his best interest to, right?"
patient: "I mean, this Pat is a really good Fellow."
patient: "That went too fast too soon, so every time"
patient: "one good thing happened he starts barking out orders like, why don't you do this .."
patient: We sell um records and
patient: for hotels. When you are building that
patient: Give you the plans the architectural.
patient: All right.
patient: minor scale
patient: I'd like you to bid on 50 shower doors and hundred.
patient: where the we have somebody
patient: We had a lot of problems getting people to do this the guy.
patient: you don't want to do this. He is one of this helicopter pilots
patient: Sudden one day one of the guys were using you don't get to done for Reno 5 minutes early and it looks good in my brother.
patient: We are barely getting one or two of them a week. The fact that you've got one done in a week
patient: Doesn't suddenly mean where you be able to do 5 a week.
patient: he call me the other day and he says I think you can do it autonomously
patient: Just kind of started.
patient: I'm doing it for years. It takes strange enough
patient: "So yes, I mean, it's like you the other day he is on the phone and his wife screams: you are doing this too much, blah, blah" So, his wife is right with that. Alright?
patient: job that she had
patient: You know, when he is 20 plushies
patient: "And she's done anything else, but she's our partner. Okay, so I was a bit worried about it. Cuz also she has a lot of issues like very, you know, everything's got to be her way."
patient: I have discontinued all these things.
patient: drinking heavily and all these other
nurse: And then you have to be diplomatic.
patient: Exactly, you know this person says, I don't understand why you get paid this much. Let's see. I got to college degree at 20 years old.
patient: running business 10 years programming and
patient: Actually, kind of that., rationally and unfortunately, her response is : oh, yes
nurse: "Oh good. Okay, great she's. So, she is not."
patient: He is been sober now, can we do this?
nurse: "Well, that is definitely something to applaud her for."
patient: And then my brother advantage to children.
patient: to unleash, they scream at each other all the time
patient: "And they're much better after all that you're much happier everything. So that's good. And he's starting react okay with me, but now is thing is to just"
nurse: So when did you start that visit businesses? Sorry for?
nurse: Still getting used to each other.
patient: "No, I mean."
patient: Pretty much got tossed out.
patient: so, and he is how much older than you are? 12 yers
patient: "so yeah, you got tossed out had to go live in California with his dad and then"
patient: Order forbidden wife for a bit. He's pretty much sold cars and needle car loans and other car related stuff for his whole life in.
patient: he is my business partner said, you know, you should call this friend of mine. He's got this.
patient: Building Supply Material Company, I think you do really well and so you went there and did pretty well for a few years.
patient: And then when he starts making money.
patient: Oh my God, I want to see this guy a half a million dollars a year, and then they brea the your deal.
nurse: I'm just saying cuz I'm busy here, but then I'm going to secure the line and then we are good
patient: "Play Work the them for like two and a half years in the guy kept at all know that deal though, you don't get that out of it. Just because I said I'm not going to give you the commission's the boss. So he left."
patient: Sounds reasonable.
patient: is thing is pretty much sales the fact that he's managed to fight.
patient: manufacturers report the street
patient: Mexico so he's managed to fight.
patient: "That's it for you some pretty amazing considering, you know, if you really ever had to do anything besides organize the sales."
patient: "yeah, just try to come up with the procedures and"
patient: Stop sign in Houston.
patient: Treated like a typewriter cuz he doesn't know how to use the word processor. So you speed up.
patient: "Foxwell, it does work real well"
patient: They spend hours and I'm typing the stuff in and checking in Double Springs using a calculator.
patient: "On the side. So, you know, there's a customer to write a Windows though. I didn't know that I made him a spreadsheet first day is all upset because he's frustrated."
nurse: Like this is heaven get all these numbers.
patient: "You know, and then I started typing in the details."
patient: like break the spreadsheet.
patient: "That kind of math is kind. So this is what I normally spend like an hour. So yeah, but I"
patient: 73 or 4 every time you do a bid and that's not quite worth my while so I actually have my ex-wife now.
patient: Doing the editing stuff and putting together his spreadsheets then.
patient: this week, when he is gone, I'm suppose to be working on the spreadsheets when she gets off of school
patient: "Tuesday, so that was driving there go visit Bangladesh."
patient: "Now, that's me talking about it. Truth is that they run out to get some food."
patient: Fashion clothes come home. Patrick are up. Okay over to my mom's get to do is got to run back now get my older one.
patient: doubt how to get her to her appointment.
patient: Grand Parkway
patient: I had to go back and get her then the other kids.
patient: Play rehearsal but there's no time to get her. The one of the kids either has to sit with me in the car for beginner like 2 hours driving around.
patient: fortunately mom decided to
nurse: logistical challenge
patient: so, yesterday, four trips, to school back from school
patient: drop hear at rehearsal and go back and drop hear
patient: 4 hours in the car and
patient: driving per day around the area
patient: But I have to get lovely in it.
patient: But you get along with your ex-wife?
patient: I just went good enough gas in the whole planet.
patient: She was pretty unhappy
patient: You know I have delivered here though. I've learned.
patient: "No, I'm not going to let you do these things agree to this if you fry it."
nurse: But you knew why you needed to make those decisions. That wasn't just
patient: the power struggle that was?
patient: "Right here in my office working, which I had an excuse to do."
patient: It's basically an I end up.
patient: in this relationship. She always
patient: tells me, I see your point, and says "Okay, let me ask your dad."
patient: "Then she asked me if you will already have played. Well, we can't go your dad won't let us." So she will do that for a moment.
patient: "What time should I get some point? We'd split up we had we're stuck sharing the house, but we have had no back here. So we ended up with one of us would leave for you know a couple of days"
nurse: Switch off that way. Just a quick timeout will continue to talk. Lime or orange for your glucose?
nurse: "Okay, and I'm going to get you some ice water to flush it down. I'm going to take everything to the left."
nurse: How much got the lion ring this big difference. You can stay like that much when you drink the glucose drink is probably better if you sitting.
patient: You want a urine test?
patient: Was ready before I came in.
patient: I'll walk you to the
nurse: Once you open the center, you can you drink out of the bottle of would you rather?
patient: I'll leave you some minutes to finish it
nurse: I did it with.
nurse: I know. How old are your kids? 20 and 22. So that was 20 years ago.
nurse: sure flies
nurse: You okay?
nurse: 55 is the next draw.
nurse: And you're done at 11:40.
patient: oh boy longer than I
nurse: Oh, I'm sorry. I'm wrong
nurse: Yes, it's that clock that I apologize. Of course.
patient: 7.5 grams of glucose, fill it out.
nurse: I hear you.
nurse: We got it. Yeah a good shop. Thank you.
nurse: My pleasure.
nurse: "Yeah, I know I hear you and I will have coffee with."
patient: Feel free you can have coffee when you before that.
nurse: so
nurse: so we already talked about fasting and you know, not taking your medications and all of the
patient: Take them when I get back home or just wait.
nurse: Nothing for it once.
nurse: Yeah, you can take that
nurse: with a meal
nurse: When you eat next time.
nurse: And I'll get the levoti , the Victoza.
nurse: before you leave
nurse: Are you taking the green, we need
nurse: those are for you and
patient: Do you think trash can is
patient: about 3 feet away. Yeah
nurse: Unless, is that bothering you that that dangles? Is that okay with you? okay?
nurse: So you saw doctor?
nurse: You will see doctor 10. He will come in and sticking his head and have a conversation with you.
nurse: "Again, that's going to be in a little less than an hour."
nurse: such a challenge, you wouldn't think that they haven't changed the time in the cook Okay, so
nurse: I have your blood pressure and your
nurse: so
nurse: 2.8 kilograms last time and now you won 11.3.
nurse: oh boy
patient: Yeah, I've been.
patient: We start my own Spirit home. I've been pretty much 138 to 242.
patient: Two years ago to about to order and last fall. I think I made it.
nurse: "Yeah, so it's about it's a little less than 5 pounds if I do the math, right and some of it is."
nurse: daily fluctuation, but you have gain a little bit. Since we saw you last have there been in any emergency room?
nurse: Did you see a primary care physician for a regular visit?
patient: I'm since August. I can't remember either so I'm in July or September
nurse: Unlock, is it here in the system? Right?
nurse: okay, so that was before the visit then or. Yeah, that was in
nurse: What that also have been here at the Kellogg Eye Center? Well, in Ypsi
nurse: oh in the system, then I can find that but no new diagnosis. No new medications.
nurse: right, how many medications?
nurse: Okay, good so and let's go over your medication list
nurse: Xanax, are you still taking medicine as needed? Right
nurse: the aspirin. I take a small dose daily
nurse: is that for smoking cessation or for depression. Are you feeling okay?
nurse: does that control your?
patient: I would say.
patient: "I been fairly depressed for a year too, but it's not."
patient: Its more like I feel like I'm a litte tire but yeah I'm feeling a little better.
patient: From before, it seems to help a little bit.
patient: just recently is short-acting
patient: Get my work out of the way.
patient: What you said was interesting is when I switched over to it.
patient: Set around walking all the time.
patient: cleaning things up, organizing things and then it stop, but hopefully I can keep it.
nurse: What but you know in theory what that sounds like.
nurse: it's an experience that is valuable because is that
nurse: That is a behavioral like almost like a mechanical kind of memory. That'll help you get back to that. I'm do you have
nurse: Any regular psychological care, do you see someone who can help you with the behavior?"
patient: I basically I do the behavioral.
patient: Since I got back in town.
patient: I got to the psychologist I got started with
patient: primarily because I'm worried about my memory and what more towards my mother and her memory and there we are
patient: nothing particularly intense these days a lot of discussion about dealing with
nurse: Kids and brother. As sorting things up? yeah
patient: My mom, you were in a place last summer. You know, she's declining.
patient: And it's kind of tough. I'm the one who has to do the work.
patient: I've got brothers and sisters who live within 15 minutes or half hour for her, but they're always always too much for them to go out of their way to you know, go pick something up at the hardware store and bring it by I literally had to drive to be able
patient: one day she needed a hook so they can mount a Chandelier because my sister who lived you know.
patient: 5.4 miles away in my brother who lived eight miles away. It took 2 days or 3 days to actually do that.
nurse: tThat does seems to spike your psychological challenges. You seem to be the one who functions like
patient: Yes, frankly. I am out of probably all of my siblings all the way older sister all of them
patient: My parents my mom had three kids in her first marriage and my dad has two.
patient: An then, they have me and my sister when they got together. So, seven of us originally
patient: My sister has been in
patient: Lets, see I have my oldest brother's, he is 13 years older.
patient: the brother on partners with 12 years older
patient: for my dad's side is, let see, 10 years older
patient: an then, my other older sisters 8 years old.
patient: So we are not young anymore
nurse: "I am picking up on the attention deficit a little bit, but it's so interesting that I don't stuck you but let's finish the medication list cuz we need to keep an eye on the time."
nurse: The fenofibrate are you up to taking that from us?
nurse: And then the Cialis yeah?
patient: not used very often, but it
nurse: and um, 10? that is a supplement I can see that no?
nurse: Is there anything that you are take? I also take a multivitamin
nurse: Okay was just going to ask anything else in terms of
nurse: medications that are not listed
patient: I try not use ibuprofen
patient: Okay.
nurse: Rufus a little bit and cuz I need you to sign something that's another piece of paperwork.
nurse: just for the moment
nurse: So, in research you will can earn money as you know, and the grade study pays you $100 per year plus $25 a year for the one survey that give you a couple of times and so the University of Michigan
nurse: has to keep an eye on how much money our research participants are making. Not just GRADE study, but participants across the whole university because when some
nurse: patients and we discourage that in GRADE story. But when some patients are in several research studies, they make quite a bit of money that way . So as soon as they make more than $600 dollar they have to a 1099
nurse: So we don't need to worry about the $600 but each individual study as soon as you hit 100.
nurse: We do need to submit your social security number to the university. And so this paragraph talks about what we do with your social security number.
nurse: So there's going to be a paper form today.
patient: More blacks with it then the credit card company.
nurse: "Gosh, I was in shock when I saw."
nurse: when I heard that, but we have we we will be obviously very careful. So today I'm going to ask for it. But then in a few days when I see that your payment has been completed.
nurse: We will take a sharpie and black it in out from the paper form and redact it on our electronic form. So then we'll have to ask you again next year cuz we won't have any way to get it to it, but we don't have now.
patient: I don't care what you use for the social security number, I just
patient: that's how I know myself. That's how I learn. My social security number is always my student number because your Social Security.
patient: talk about confidentiality. So, yeah, that's not use no longer the case. They figure it out 20 years ago.
nurse: Glad you had so this this and I'll make a copy of this for your records to the second page is our contact information and I need you to print sign today's date and your date of birth to kind of confirm
nurse: That's all I'll do the rest. Actually. I'll do that at my desk. We have plenty of time and then I'll give you.
nurse: to take home, so I'm going to do the next drawing.
patient: She's going to draw a picture of me. I think she said she said you're going to do the next draw.
nurse: today chocolate
nurse: It is your finger still a black? I think is mask or something.
nurse: the dust, oh the dust
patient: got fix me up at the airport.
patient: I was driving there, and I see this guys, driving a truck parked in one of the lanes blocked those two guys been sitting there every day for like
patient: five years, the same two guys and they are always just sitting on the back of the pickup truck an do nothing and that's New York.
patient: there you go. You know I
nurse: I've seen construction sites and you know, you see to five Guys sitting around
nurse: So far then you're done.
patient: One hold, only one guy I can fit into.
patient: Okay, so they had been this close for what a year to redo it to get on it. They didn't redo.
patient: the first two thirds of an all they did was from like
patient: like way pass Hill towards the park. They did that. But why did you have the
patient: Close all the way from Observatory. If you could go all the way to Hill,, I'll be on for a year.
patient: I don't want to drain him too much now.
patient: yeah, there should be a meter. If I can make as much money on the blood to the Red Cross.
patient: I give more blood which is 0 right now cuz needles freak me out to much.
nurse: I'm sorry.
nurse: The Red Cross is a volunteer.
patient: Last number I heard that they charge something like $600.
patient: You know, it varies from
patient: region, region to region
nurse: So, I have this, I will go take it and I will your next ones are there. Thank you. All right. I'm heading right to the centrifuge. Oh, I'm getting dizzy already
patient: what is interesting is that my A1C from U of M in my A1C from Minnesota are always one point different.
nurse: "So the A1 see here, is that a but they called point of care?"
patient: It's also a couple of days. Okay, but the longer one. I looked again a two or three days. Yours was I think a little bit higher? The UM
patient: Several times I looked just like that's interesting. You know, it's like it's a 6.6. here and 6.4
patient: U of M or something like that and it's usually within
patient: you know, a few weeks ago when I was here. For someone random, but I ends up to my appointment
nurse: That's true compared to. I mean that what we say also for weight measurements or blood pressure measure measurements you compared to yourself and it's the change.we are interested in
nurse: but if its a few weeks in between then that can actually be explained by things like exercising and diet. It just interesting. Like you said it was always in the same
patient: direction. And its good that it, I guess, because if it was random that would be more disconcerting that is specially if you took them real close if sometimes the other one gets higher and they kept switching back and forth. So at least, they are always consistent
patient: time to time, the lab is probably calibrating the same. Yeah, I think you're onto something.
nurse: And that is very likely. May I take a
nurse: at your feet. Sure thing.
nurse: Jump up here and dangle your legs so and then you don't have to sit.
nurse: right and then I don't want you to do anything. I do not want you to do anything.
nurse: No helping allowed, but I will do nothing that I would do will hurt. But I always point out that this looks like a needle. It's not you know how it feels like and then I'll look at your reflexes. I'll feel your feet and um
nurse: feel the pulse and
nurse: and I'll use the tube with a vibration. So this is just a heads up a few things.
nurse: can you just come forwards, just a tiny little bit so it but your legs are indeed dangling. Perfect.
patient: The plastic triangle Hammer thing for the reflex, never saw one
patient: you can use it for mashing potatoes too.
nurse: Little bit of callous here and there, is typical. Oh, a lot of callus there.
nurse: I've seen I seen another nice. Okay, no helping you are not relaxed.
patient: I'm never relax. It's hard to remain loose when somebody's I guess pushing it.
nurse: Mmhm, you are stiff
nurse: I'm going to give the other leg like some attention and maybe this one.
nurse: I was working on it.
nurse: There is more callus on your heel, on the right side.
nurse: And um but you your toes look fine you toenails look okay
nurse: I don't see fungus or athlete's foot.
nurse: But I will ask you to do now is to ask is, um clasp your hands in front of your chest.
nurse: And when I say no I want you to pull really really hard. Okay. Are you ready?
nurse: And so now I need you to ask you to close your eyes. And so you felt it on your hand like it like that.
patient: The first time I did it. I was not aware the will poke the top of my foot. Should you feel anything yet?
nurse: so whenever you feel a poke say yes, and I'm hoping you first just to see if you
nurse: feel it in the first place. You feel that? say yes each time
nurse: did you feel that? Yes, say yes each time
nurse: Just the big toe. Yeah, the other toes
nurse: So this is the tuning fork and it feel like this. So this is touch, right, is not vibrating, do you feel the difference. Let me know when you don't feel the vibration.
nurse: And the other one same thing this is touch. No vibration.
nurse: And this is vibration, feel the difference? let me know when you don't feel the vibration anymore.
nurse: Pretty gifts for them.
nurse: so um
nurse: Your feet look pretty good and the sensitivity is pretty good. I was struggling a little bit to get a reflex, but I got it when I had you clasp your hand. So I think it's the fashion of you being able to
patient: would it be, I mean I had a sprain a long time but I had a really bad sprained years, you know, like 6 7 years ago.
patient: yes, it's not impossible. That's the only difference between the two legs that I know of.
nurse: It is hard to tell, you know, you'd have to be there.
nurse: I've been trying to see how serious it was but it's not impossible that that has some influence just in general also because you're more sensitized like oh, this is the foot that hurts.
nurse: You tighten even more. You know, psychologically. The foot looks normal. Yes you are.
nurse: Yeah.
nurse: It would be, mm, let me pulled out that sheet and I show you exactly because it's interesting.
nurse: So we did that 8:55. So we did the very first one at 8:30. Then you drink the drink and then at 8:55, we did that 9:10. So we have another one two, three, four draws 9:10-9:40-10:10 and 10:40
nurse: Let me get that for you
nurse: next draw out of the way, and then we have
nurse: Is that okay if you ask you need to attend to something? I can wait
patient: chicken
nurse: So the first syringe I just want to share with.
nurse: is to clean the tool
nurse: from this liquid that I used to flush it and but that's mainly water so
nurse: the real blood and so that's the second syringe.
nurse: By the way, you said sometimes it's hard to draw blood. I'm also in the field of
nurse: people who draw that's would say, that's not a problem
patient: The only people who've ever had issues have been like a doctor's offices.
patient: daughter's social older daughter, we are trying her to take a test of blood sugar for year and she, you know
patient: I think maybe to the point where she's
patient: I guess doing well enough, but maybe she won't freak out."
patient: draw blood all day long if you get good at it, hopefully after a while or you find something else to do
nurse: Unless she is a difficult stick.
patient: "No, no, she just freaks out."
patient: when she was five or six we took them for flu shots. She just was screaming will her
patient: down, then she got the younger ones screaming because she left them down
patient: so, she was the fist the, Yes, and and then
patient: And then she started crying more, you know
patient: Get them to do vaccines.
patient: And don't forget nobody love shots but you know shots are a thing
patient: and generally the flu vaccines not a big deal.
patient: It's weird how it depends. It seems maybe I love that actual
nurse: Shot itself is supposed to.
nurse: Right and massage, maybe go swimming?
nurse: Nobody tells you that . "Yeah, I know."
nurse: That's the worst, wrong thing to do.
nurse: I'll be right back. I'll take us to the lab and grab the next set.
nurse: So are you pretty diligent? I already I think I already asked you that but are you pretty diligent taking your medications you never miss?
patient: Not knowingly knowingly. Occasionally, I'll sit there and take these yet.
patient: Yeah.
patient: Metformin, and then I go for every now and then I get to take the other two but usually yes
nurse: So you wouldn't know if you missed any of the past 2 weeks or in past 7 days.
nurse: So metformin is 2000 a day and to take all four of them with breakfast.
nurse: and what time do you inject, 6:30ish?
nurse: And it's the 1.8. Is that correct?
nurse: and that 1.2 is working for you a little crazy sometimes.
patient: bloated and gassy a lot
patient: somewhere random as to when it happens
nurse: Okay.
patient: yeah, but the higher pill just basically
nurse: I don't know. Yeah, we don't want that. Do you ever check your blood sugar? So you don't have for the grade study, but you don't have to for the great study. Do you have something at home? Do you check when you feel like something is wrong or just out of curiosity?
patient: a couple times when I felt a little, you know
patient: Occasionally, if i had a bad night, or day before. I check in the morning to see how bad it is. Generally, I'd been like one day I'm feeling okay. 140 is not great but given how horrible the night was. You know, Halloween
patient: try not to buy candy in this year. So do you know how kids can fight for the two bags?
patient: for six kids show up
patient: And then somebody have to eat the candy. Because I only gave out half of it.
patient: Yeah.
patient: Girl know they always want something. It doesn't matter what I bring and I finally found okay. I'm going to bring in Skittles and
patient: Yeah, they can't stop eating. them
patient: Stop buying candy.
nurse: Okay, so I told you I have some homework for you. There's some paperwork at the usual surveys.
nurse: I have another table of the for your comfort. I think that might not be a bad idea to write this.
nurse: So what so I gave you a heads up with the social security number for this one?
nurse: This one what is important is?
nurse: I don't care check marks or X's, but I'm for this one. We need you to fill in the bubbles.
nurse: I'm going to leave another.
nurse: "So hopefully this pen will do the job. Well, we cannot give you a Sharpie. Unfortunately, wouldn't that be nice? But so if you just do your best and then that computer program will read your
nurse: your entries if it doesn't matter check marks circles, X's. I'm sorry that you get started. I'm pretty sure I may interrupt when the time comes but um
nurse: We'll see. I'll be back in just a few minutes
nurse: Hello.
nurse: Good. How you doing?
nurse: Nothing much.
patient: " I know I'm coming to Aaron's on Monday for dinner. So if you can wait till Monday, I'll come by then. Otherwise if necessary."
patient: "Yep, everything's fine. Nothing too exciting."
patient: That's about it. Larry's gone for the weekend you he went down.
patient: for weekend went to Florida so not as much going on business-wise.
patient: Girls are always running and I'm always driving it seems like.
patient: They want to know I didn't mean it is supposed to be snowy and rainy tonight. It is supposed to be snowing and raining.
patient: Sounds good. have a good day. I'll talk to you tomorrow if not later.
patient: Okay, time for a little interruption. The vampire, it's time.
patient: Don't we just learn? Painfully
patient: stupidity so judgmental
nurse: I think every age did their best
patient: With my older brother. I remember. Aren't you asleep I have on her back. Yeah, that's good. But that's not the same thing and he both really. yeah you really do.
patient: please don't hesitate in your area. Maybe it's better this days, but you know.
patient: You know, as a kids we did not have car seats?
nurse: We put the baby carrier of my nephew's, he is now 41, and he was a baby. It was just like a rectangular case, you know not no more than
nurse: or for him, it was more like a box
nurse: like a cardboard box with nice padding. Anyway, we put that on the back and that wasn't secure
patient: "Yeah, it's amazing."
patient: At least I think we do, we'll find out in the long run.
patient: Thank you, did I spill something on the floor?
patient: yes, come by
patient: time flies, it sure does. Except for sitting here waiting for all the blood test to be completed
nurse: And I'll be right back. Okay?
nurse: How long, have you had diabetes?"
patient: I treat it for about 4 years. I guess because I was kind of borderline.
patient: probably quite you know,
patient: over the border but close enough that my doctor hadn't forced me at any additional drugs till a few years back
Other: A great study on Metformin Glucophage XR 1000 mg twice a day.
patient: "Yeah, I'm taking off work once I'm full of this this thing." That way I don't forget the second.
Other: Sure and you're taking Victoza, you are taking 1.8 mg
patient: 1.2, when we went up for the higher one I was sick. In what way were you sick?
patient: Gassy, bloated, indigestion. I see yeah. I pretty much want to just lay in bed.
patient: So now I got a little bit bloated now and then and I'm sure is related or just random but is not too bad.
Other: "Okay, and you check your blood sugar?"
patient: "Not very often anymore, because you don't have any the A1C indecent range without probably check."
patient: "Two or three times a month like, you know, if I think I had a bad day or if I think I'm if I'm feeling a little bit, you know low-sugar I'd check and I've never been but sometimes it just feel like I feel this way.It's a little earlier and I take my blood test."
patient: 120 and I should be fine awesome. Occasionally
Other: Okay, and then you're taking Lipitor for you ... um , do you drink alcohol?
patient: Um, a little bit I've had
patient: probably three drinks in the last 2 weeks to give you an idea. Very really will I have more than one at a time
Other: We when they took the blood, your blood seems to be
Other: milky in appearance and that usually means triglycerides
Other: high, and one of the um
Other: common causes of high triglycerides
patient: I have a family history of my father had I think like 600 or something.
patient: I was being treated I believe mine was near 400 or something. Uh, there you go.
patient: I think it's lower now that it's been for a year. Yes, it has been so I saw your last one in July. Yeah. It was the first time in ever that it feels correctly.
Other: And then we got a sample of your urine this morning. I's a little touch cloudy?
nurse: I think
Other: This is tested see why it is the one too many white blood cells, but you always find a positive for blood. Do you ever have kidney stones?
patient: Blood cells mean in the. I have some diverticulitis on one of my kidneys. I've had like back as a 16 and then when I was in my late 20s 30s, I think I had ivp's multiple times and that was basically um.
patient: That also years ago like in my twenties when I was on fedore for asthma I had the tubular cells, I guess in my urine that's always kind of been happening out of little bits over the last 25 or 30 years."
Other: Because of the observation of slightly cloudy serum suggesting slightly high triglycerides and because of blood on the
Other: you got a very good primary care doctor and working. Okay, we're going to drop him a note.
Other: These two things should be pursued by hand because part of the study we promised that we would take care of your diabetes and nothing else.
Other: And we have your health that hot so so that you are aware of it. So you can. Cause you to have more tests then you understand. Good and then, you are still taking Voltaren.
patient: Few times a week, usually on their hands or on my toe for the arthritis.
Other: Okay in your are on the .
Other: oh, I see you are on fenofibrate too. That's for your triglycerides. Yes, I've been on that for year. So, you have a history of high triglycerides so I'm not that surprised
nurse: which one is that, I'm just curious? fenofibrate, I see.
patient: Yes, it goes by different names too. that's right. Got different names in Canada too, they got
patient: four or five different brands
Other: When were you in Canada? Umm..
patient: from 2004 until 2011 We more there, just in Windsor, actually.
Other: Windsor Ontario. Tecumseh technically. And then you are on lisinopril Hydrochlorothiazide for your blood pressure pressure. Your blood pressure this morning is a little high too.
patient: Been high for the last 6 months. I change my work situation. Haha and I feel under considerably more stress. The doctor sent me to get out of the pharmacy.
patient: I forgot what they called about the she with monitor to meet for.
patient: the diabetes originally before I came to the studies and she had me come in for blood pressure testing and is high but it usually if I sit and relax we can drop it today didn't work want to hear with Lynn last time. It came out high and we were able to know I sat here for a few minutes.
Other: You got two more blood tests. If I'd have to have blood taken out of me , I will be stressed.
Other: I can get use to this.
Other: I mean it no more poking. Anyway, okay, we're done with the poking, but we will check in a couple more times. Your blood pressure its a bit higher than last time I saw you. zDo you go to history of high blood pressure for how long?"
patient: Let's see.
patient: Probably since I was in my late twenties. Turns out basically when I started working, haha that used to be on like low side of normal, even though I was way overweight and then drive soon as I start driving to work. That's when it started climbing up.
Other: So that last 6 months your work is very stressful.
patient: Yes, I partnered up with my brother who I I don't know really well cuz he's lived away from me for most of my life.
patient: so is a new business and he's under a lot of stress because you know, we're just started bringing money. But his his way of working is so different than mine.
patient: So he's always on the phone ringing me, and I'm the guy is always on email and don't call me, please.
patient: Sure, and you are taking Xanax?
patient: I take that usually when I'm on the road to help fall asleep. So a couple times a year.
nurse: Okay.
Other: You're taking Wellbutrin. Yeah, we started that.
patient: December I believe the January switched over from desipramine which
patient: I've taking that for years. And you're taking the good all aspirin and um
Other: and then you are taking Cialis when you need it.
patient: "yeah, which isn't really very often at all. And you have vitamin E and
Other: Good, and do you have really bad tummy aches.
patient: Not really, I think I mention. I got a lot of bloating right now. As you can see right now. Sometimes I'll get up and my stomach is pretty flat. But a lot of time is just bloated.
patient: Yes, gassy. Right if you tap it, is hollow.
patient: I've tried different things, you know lets not drink milk for a couple of days that didn't seem to change, nothing seems to matter and it seems to come and go there's a food thing to have. I haven't figured out what it is yet.
Other: You also have bad tummy pains.
patient: Not very often no, its mainly just kind of like where the belly comes out. I'll have some pain here and there when I'm bloating.
Other: And any swelling in your neck? No? In your thyroid?
Other: Have any symptoms of high blood sugar?
patient: Well, I'm always thirsty. But if you don't all my drugs, I think that's a side effect right now with every single one.
nurse: I drink water
patient: Probably three cups of coffee a day. I've had cut back
patient: from six or eight since I got
patient: the new drug. Which new drug? The Victoza.
Other: Okay, and do you pee a lot?
patient: Yeah more less usually wake up towards the end of the night, towards the end of the evening, you know night at 5-6 o'clock
nurse: 55
patient: At 55, you should expect this is part of the norm. Yes, you know sometimes driving in the car and then you get out of the zone and say oh my good run.
patient: The joy of aging. Better than the alternative.
Other: Okay good. May I have a feel of your thyroid?
Other: Ups, sorry. It's very ticklish. Can you swallow?
nurse: I'm sorry. Swallow. Ok, good.
nurse: Well, overall, I think you are
Other: doing okay, I think maybe we are just
Other: being cautious. I see you have a history of high blood pressure long time.
Other: You have a family history of high triglycerides and you've been drinking some alcohol in the last two weeks. You then have a history of kidney problems that could account for that but
Other: to be on the safe side. We're going to mention all these to Dr. Kwok.
Other: and then, let him take it from there.
patient: "Okay, I mean should I not drink ever or just not very often? I mean set it really drink much at all. You don't normally anyways, but you know, I do like the occasional beer here and there."
Other: Yeah, the occasional beer here and there in fine, but you see the you know the media
Other: with the disturbing it's not disturbing because it's not cause any fat the association if you dream moderately
Other: risk of cancer increases quite a bit. Drinking heavy your risk of cancer increases
Other: very significantly
Other: is just that all this associations, media loves to imply it as causal effect. I remember, as I was taking statistics, we were talking about associations and correlations,
Other: and the example in the textbook
Other: was the number of inches in the province of Assam in India.
Other: The annual rainfall
Other: correlates .9 within the number of
Other: completed passes by Johnny Unitas of Baltimore Colts. Now, you'd say: how are those two related?
patient: Stock market used to be as the NFC won the start until the one time it didn't work for like 45 years, and now in 46 years it did not happen that way.
Other: So, but, if you can, minimize it, because
Other: well, people with diabetes allowed to drink but maybe in your case, less than in moderation.
patient: Pretty good. At least it's like I drink. If I drink one drink of week , on average,
patient: during the year, that's probably the most I'd drink. Yes, one drink a week is okay.
patient: Okay, I was the guy being called at the bar the time. Is too expensive, anyway. Good. Nice to meet you Mr.
nurse: You can convey to K
patient: Have a good winter year.
nurse: Okay, and I have another 10 minutes before I come back for my vampire job. Yes, I want to go to the mens room, can I use the same restroom.
nurse: We are not interested in anymore. So, its your choice. I'll see you in a moment.
nurse: I'm back in less than a year.
nurse: I'll be back anyway.
patient: Sorry for the constant interruptions. Yeah, it's hard to get any work done.
nurse: I know, I'm so sorry, but I think you're going to like this.
nurse: I have a gift for you, one of these
nurse: you get to pick. Its a lunch bag, it's a pedometer. A simple version of a Fitbit, and a flashlight. What which one is going to be?
patient: I don't take lunches anywhere. I don't want to give this to my kids cuz I haven't told them.
nurse: I can never predict.
patient: How would you guess if you don't even try it.
nurse: Anymore or what? I've actually I would have probably guessed the flashlight today.
nurse: So thank you for completing these.
nurse: You guys do anything with them?
patient: It's like feeding back to mirrors just a general study that he crashed.
nurse: In terms of the questionnaires?
nurse: sign me in.
patient: I answered something that
patient: sounds depress do I need to come back here.
nurse: No, I'd that's why I'm looking right now. We're first of all what I'm doing is I checked for anything missing because otherwise I would have to call you on your way home and that's just not safe when your driving
nurse: but
nurse: I do look at the depression questions.
nurse: and then if I feel like we really need to talk about something, you know, either we'll talk about it and
patient: amazing, all of this are amazing,
patient: they are better than they were 5 years ago.
patient: They are now.
patient: LED lights
patient: all for like fifty cents. I mean, I remember they were
patient: 20 dollars a few years back
nurse: So, since you're not because you were asking but in relation to this, especially this last page as you know, this is a depression screener, but each and in each individual symptom can be related to something completely different."
nurse: you know, if you have all these symptoms you feel depressed, but it may be because you know, you didn't sleep well cuz your had pain.
nurse: And then you feeling like this because you're tired today , or because your work situation. You don't have energy because you're tired. So tell me a little bit about these ones that you checked
patient: You know, I had this probably for 40 years, probably 50. You know, these are the things I have.
nurse: So you're looking at it and you are making it sound?
patient: It's annoying, I would want it to be better. But is not really ruining my life.
patient: Affectively sad, I mean sad.
nurse: I'll check these challenges and you look at the symptoms. You don't ignore them.
patient: Um, you know the
patient: energy part of it
patient: if I went to sleep earlier, it would help. But then it's not as easy to go to sleep early.
patient: If I could sleep later that will help to get on when I have the kids. I really can't I got to get them the school.
patient: Other times the weeks of the week that don't have I usually sleep and I don't work so later, so it's not as bad."
nurse: Has a lot to do with the actual sleep you're getting.
patient: Moderate about it I say good about fifty
patient: I thought you were to say about fell sleep. Don't do, you know.
nurse: You can actually lie down on the gurney for that. But um, I mean is um
patient: 20% difference maybe in the sleep. You know, I'm still not going to I don't usually wake up and jump out of bed and say
patient: an I often refer it as everyone
patient: I feel like someone hit me with a 2 by 4 but not quite, you know, just like it's the fogginess and the idea that you don't want to get up.
patient: Really I got to get up now.
nurse: Yeah, I'm so it's a little bit more effort. Then that you would like it to be.
patient: You know, down depressed and hopeless well know we live in a wonderful world until recently my oldest
patient: kids was in, you know, major crisis, failing classes, doing this and that last year.
patient: But I found the right medication for her, Wellbutrin, and she is doing really well. She ended up with 4 As and 2Bs in the last term.
patient: My ex mentioned to me,
patient: Meanwhile, the younger one, got like 3A or 3As and 3Bs and she freaked out because she did not get a
patient: but she was like crying, it's just horrible last week and she failed the quiz.
patient: I told her, it doesn't matter. I know, it won't make a big difference for you to get to high school as long as you tried.
nurse: As long as you do your best. That's my, that's my chant.
patient: But she always, you know judges everything totally from it.
patient: She think she's perfect. So anything that's not perfect is just really devastating.
patient: When things aren't perfect. Yeah, sure I thrive but um
patient: you, know I did not freak out.
patient: You know my grades weren't
patient: He is on everything
patient: the missed an extra-credit, you know
patient: and that would ruin his day. I mean literally. Like, ugh, I can believe I miss it.
patient: That's why he's got a PhD in chemistry from Stanford that he got on a free ride, and I have a ba and a BS.
nurse: Everybody does their best.
patient: But I would have liked that I was one of the guys that can do well in math. In math that what'd like.
patient: Fortunately we point it as quite being a computer scientist.
nurse: I was just talking about that with a person who has a traumatic brain injury. He was always way above average and always
nurse: but so they
nurse: That's how we know cuz you don't have a baseline when people have an injury and then you do all the testing often. You don't know what they were before. So, how can you tell the injury has done
nurse: cause any problem so he said he noted obviously because I was always way above average and now I'm average.
nurse: Welcome to my world. It's always been lists and notes. Post-it notes all over you know it but you do learn when you are struggling more than your friend who's at Stanford, or was, is to cope and compensate.
nurse: You know, I'm really good at Excel because I'm not good at math.
nurse: So, you know, we
nurse: We know what we need to do in order to get to where we need to be and sometimes has a lot of compensation, but that's okay. That's a skill too.
patient: You have to deal with what you have to deal with you know, you don't get to choose.
patient: Whenever I feel lousy about things I try to remind.
nurse: I think of any really good strategy if if it works that way because sometimes it's like I don't care what everybody else says. It doesn't lift me up. But if it does, I think it's a valid strategy because because it is the truth.
patient: And you know, even people who I' compare to
patient: is not perfect. You might find things about
patient: you don't like the person or you don't like the lifestyle or whatever in there for why let that bother you that they're here you're here cuz that's really where I want to be. I want to be there maybe so him being there, you know.
nurse: Its that a little bit the glass half empty glass half full
patient: Are you and I was always a half empty guy because I figured that was not disappointed if I'm right. If I'm wrong great.
patient: You know that did not work that well. So, you know, I went from feeling unlucky to you know,
patient: until recently the US change the law and pretty much put me out of business and
patient: it took about three weeks, and I thought, you know what who cares figured out come up with something else? You're lucky at least you're not working for people. You already have a business. You got website.
patient: and you got things you can do, get over it. And since then,
patient: the, year now, it's like I'm lucky. You know, I wake up in the morning. I feel great. I just have a little bit of stiffness here a little bit there
nurse: Yeah, so your assessment has changed and that is appraisal and appraisal has a lot to do.
patient: I know it's behavioral training to you know, basically teach yourself to look for
patient: the good thing teach yourself to identify the bad
patient: thing and kind of break it down and see what you can learn from it while you fix it up. But rather than just let everything just beat on you doesn't work. It's not.
nurse: It makes you a little bit more of a wise person too you know, there's wisdom in struggle.
nurse: Yeah, your next appointment and I'm sorry. I'm so drastically changing the topic at we really jumping all over the place.
nurse: If you don't mind that I'm helping with that can we look at February?
nurse: And so, I'm thinking earlier in February and what time of the day is your favorite time of the day for a visit here?
patient: If I have my children, then right now, you know, the earlier one is cuz I drop them at like 8:15.
patient: What dates are we looking at right now?
nurse: I would make a dependent on the time and then give you a date. Early time I'd say. 8:15. Okay. I mean, I'm asking, it that what is best?
patient: As soon as I can get there, I drop my kid off about 8, so 8:15 or 8:35.
nurse: Cuz your next visit will by other coordinator.
patient: Would that be fasting visit. Okay good, so.
nurse: February
nurse: February 7th, that's a Wednesday.
patient: That one I prefer a little bit later day cuz I don't have the kids that week.
patient: Nine, February 7th. Do you want the card? No, you guya keep it.
nurse: Call the day before until. For that one, you don't need to be fasting you we will not need a urine so you can go to the bathroom. So that is the easiest.
nurse: I'll call that's so between so that is February.
nurse: And another again completely unrelated question, is have you ever in your life smoke?
nurse: During the past 30 days did you have one?
patient: The last 30 days I had.
nurse: up to 5 . So that is less than
nurse: a pack. I don't even know never tell many per day. I'm going to ask Kathy when she usually does.
patient: So, it use to be about one a day. But more and more people. I know who smoke have given up cigarettes and either gone to vaporizer just stopped like one of my brothers around. I chain smoke because he's got cigarettes on them, but when he's gone, and he's not here he lives in Tennessee. So that's great thing. I never see him.
nurse: No smoking especially during games. But you know, those are basically short incidents.
nurse: So, that's really one day in in 30 days and then what about cigars or pipes, and when you so you are not if you are a current smoker, for how many years have you smoked?
nurse: Smoking when you add a dollop
patient: We talking pack years or are we talking just years?
nurse: years of smoking if you count as a smoker even if you smoked very very little.
patient: I guess you should probably just count me for
patient: 35 years
patient: It smoked more when I was in college and afterwards that I have done now.
nurse: And then how many packs per day were smoked so?
patient: A lot of half a pack a day.
patient: The good news is that you can't smoke in any buildings anywhere. You can't get the bar used to be the big place. We went to the bar with people in and people started smoking.
patient: I sit here and breathe it in and not enjoy it. So you might as well.
patient: The first one you like in by the time you're done with the first one is not good anymore in the secon. All the other ones don't taste good for you but keep doing it.
patient: Its just a habit and thank God the nicotine doesn't seem to get me addicted because I'm going to be the one to smoking I could buy a pack. I could smoke in the three days. They're not buy packing in for a month.
nurse: You smoke very little.
patient: We are this sure this doesn't help to smoke a little. You still get the same spikes and all the other?
nurse: Not smoking is the best thing you can do for your health.
nurse: Okay, so this is for the lab and I'll be back in just about 15 minutes ad will bring you a coffee.
nurse: Do you take cream, sure, nothing? Cream? Would you like a granola bar? Sure.
