speaker 1: 
speaker 2: Anyway, this is participant to 80026 to here for a 27 month isn't local time is 10:04 a.m. I might study
speaker 1: coordinator. Are
speaker 2: you going to be able to prove it by me? 141 / 7135 / 67
speaker 1: And you're on
speaker 2: the 20 / 12.5 for Lisinopril hydrochlorothiazide? And have you decided on your Medicare stuff? Don't have to pick a pharmacy plan own. I go to the VA normally but all of them all of them are going right to Goodrich Pharmacy right now because my wife works there. She get some cheaper than vva is Victoza carried by the VA. It hasn't been I haven't checked I go I go Monday up to the VA know I'll ask them if I'm looking at had to a year cuz clothes that starts next fall sure and for the people that are on Medicare plans, you know, you make that choice every year you can have to go in there with a list of your medications and see got what right and one cost. Now, you're doing a fun tanning routine we have you on but there's other options out there that might be cheaper. No sure but you're doing so well on this one. It's you know, it'll be up to you and your primary care doctor will give you our recommendations. I'm sure you won't hear the study results until like around January 2022 cuz the last visits April of 21, okay, and then they need time to Crunch the numbers shirt, but they're going to Somehow released you guys first before they released to the public and what they found out. But soon after it, will there be a span between the time I'm done here and they'll give you a 30-day supply of give you time to get in to see your primary care doctor.
speaker 1: and looking head you have a quarterly visit April 19th of 2022 for the 2029 April. Annual in July.
speaker 2: I'm trying to figure out when it's like 3/4 people are going to be done in that first wave that fall / spring and then the last
speaker 1: remaining ones the following one, but I'll have to look over my notes. not sure of the order
speaker 2: but We will get you through today Supply. We know you're doing well on this. It's just that that Victoza
speaker 1: race can be up
speaker 2: there. Right? And I know it wasn't that the agent didn't offer it before but there might be there's more competition others listening, which is once a week in class or something. It's getting time to start checking on it won't affect you. This year because you're still be getting stuff. If we start Yak is next year's 20s. We don't worry about this next year or after drying up me up. Okay metformin any problems with that? And if it goes any problems with that. When you're on the receiving Statin help and cholesterol amlodipine for the blood pressure and lisinopril Hydrochlorothiazide for the blood pressure and baby aspirin coenzyme Q10. What kind of boogers are you seeing? Normally?
speaker 1: I'm not testing.
speaker 2: Well, I got to be good if you run around the fixes all the time now. Indian felt low or anything. No. And the only says hospitalizations AZ exercise. Not very much in the last couple few weeks, but since it got cold, but we were prior to that golfing couple times a week. and walking I will be going to the YMCA again here. I think pretty quick tough time of year where you've lost that time after supper to do something about the yard or move about right now. It's like it's dark and we got a couple grand kids staying with us temporarily for up for now to that doesn't the whole offer busy though in the house. How's the diet? Pretty much the same? I think I've noticed that portions. Aren't aren't as big as they used to be used to be out. That's a good thing and a lot of things a lot of things don't appeal to me that you still appeal to me.
speaker 1: Fortunately,
speaker 2: I haven't lost my taste for
speaker 1: forbidden fruit. Yeah, I'm okay once I get out of and no excuse. I got somebody doing their 5th annual which is the
speaker 2: glucose tolerance test done. Also, I got my timer set that I have to run out of here, but I'll send Shannon
speaker 1: down to get some blood on a cardiovascular form here.
speaker 2: Never had a heart attack last stand snow here. Am I know I'm petitions
speaker 1: Remember what day this is Halloween?
speaker 2: Okay, so no changes to blood pressure or cholesterol status.
speaker 1: Just went over all the hard stuff. So that's a question
speaker 2: here. And you're only used in the medications for diabetes that you get from us. That's correct. Yes. And cancer treatments for cancer and no kidney disease.
speaker 1: Emergency room visits. Nope
speaker 2: amputations know any eye problems bleeds and then going on the ice
speaker 1: and
speaker 2: depression treatment for depression.
speaker 1: Nope. Other than have a twin. Pitching for the Astros. It's going to be free
speaker 2: agents or sale. So pretty good.
speaker 1: I don't get that. I like being
speaker 2: saddled with Mauer's contract. He's nice guy last 3 months. No, teeth life-threatening event. No hospitalization. No significant incapacity. ER visits her against overdoses severe low blood sugar is low thyroid
speaker 1: cancer. No pregnancy stuff.
speaker 2: 17 + 13
speaker 1: exactly And yes, you're
speaker 2: taking metformin 2000 a day and Desiree forgot it. Don't cut it back. Nope. Try to leave home. Forget it take it all yesterday. If your symptoms only controlled you stop taking it.
speaker 1: Last week's any missed doses.
speaker 2: Same answers for the Victoza.
speaker 1: I don't foresee us making any changes to your Anything we had a funny feeling that improved with taking food
speaker 2: occasionally, but what time of day usually in the evening for supper after
speaker 1: supper?
speaker 2: sometimes after could be your highest time of the day.
speaker 1: 246 I get to 1003 bottles of metformin. purple needles
speaker 2: yes wipes. I got I think I should because of wife's butt.
speaker 1: I might as well. She's using them on her pins not to have to go take a nose epic only once a week. And you have started Atlanta's
speaker 2: times you had to call a healthcare provider for any issue or concern email anybody for an issue or concern or anybody
speaker 1: know? Statin calcium channel blocker Ace and a diuretic No weight loss mad aspirin. Yes. no hormone treatment self Knowing typical antipsychotics yet.
speaker 2: B12 supplement on its own is no past your limits any prednisone cortisone shot
speaker 1: injections. 2018 I'm going to go find Shannon and start working and feeling your load here. Hello. Cold out there for you.
speaker 2: Hope it's bad or good. summer to Winter
speaker 1: to hold off on a
speaker 2: snowboard
speaker 1: All right. What time are we going been working better? Can't do any trick or treating tonight. Oh, yeah. Mexico but I don't have it. I don't know. It's kind of weird to go by myself at the gym. Discounted candy at the store tomorrow.
speaker 2: Okay, dear.
speaker 1: Well, that is all I need for a radio need some urine. Looks like you had a bad day. I just finished. I
speaker 2: set my bag out and I
speaker 1: didn't bring it new calendar
speaker 2: for the end of the year first time ever.
speaker 1: When you were young in June? rest You finally got a great towards the end of the
speaker 2: study. Last meeting we were at
speaker 1: sea. You're talking about portion control is probably the biggest. sing Baton Rouge Philly after play with more
speaker 2: fruits vegetables It doesn't seem to take as much to get me full anymore.
speaker 1: Exercise is good for the heart. All that stuff, but I didn't bring my account. I do treadmill and I look after about 40 minutes. I'm up to about
speaker 2: 240 calories. planets good for your joints in your
speaker 1: Healthy Living routine, but basically dealing with
speaker 2: eating less calories and what your body needs you lose weight.
speaker 1: Exercise if it
speaker 2: helps the muscle that important muscle
speaker 1: your muscles are hollering for glucose to fire them up. Blunt the spike in your blood sugars after me. Coming here shortly. Have it all nice and I take it all out to put the dumb legal. You've got room in your refrigerator for all this junk. Okay, we got Victoza metformin swabs deals. calendar these letter Groucho Marx a young version of yeah, if you go to these meetings and you see so much of the brain power spread out the on it's always at no small over the country in the world. They sure got a lot of knowledge.
speaker 2: But you kind of seeing a Changing of the Guard there help me. Look at these young guys
speaker 1: doctors with meat
speaker 2: in the study coordinator at the same time or Break It was
speaker 1: kind of dressed up people in different different style. Okay. I just got to find that. I got that big for your next appointment with later. Are you going anywhere? Get out of this wonderful weather. Yeah, I
speaker 2: would not in January though. I think we usually go into February
speaker 1: first part of my spring break thing. I think we're on
speaker 2: it. We're going to the other
speaker 1: grandchildren. the sphere so January actually
speaker 2: anytime. Day of the week at
speaker 1: work better. Not really up. workspace calendar Monday the 6th Open at 9 or 9.
speaker 2: Tuesday the 7th
speaker 1: is icer No, that's fine. Tuesday January 7th 2029 10 a.m. Is it to pee before I come? Who is going to be raining? All right. I just know that you're supposed to sign in. CNN how many months?
speaker 2: No, it's kind of weird for the year all though there's a indoor golf that they're opening up right close to my house. So I might know
speaker 1: somebody to
speaker 2: know if this is just a simulator so I can a room like this with a screen on it and a projector and you just hit the ball into the screen. I'm Different courses used to do that up in Isanti. And then though we do it every week. It's it takes a little though. It's a lot different than Govan outside. But you swing the same two of them. So as the ball passes through it. You text the spin of the ball and I'll pass is gone. And I want to hit the screen that shows which way the ball goes the screen right around here. Is there anything like that good and It's about stabilized A1C was 6.3, which is really
speaker 1: good. Obviously, your weight is down from we first started spreading through
speaker 2: maintained its really nice.
speaker 1: And your breathing exercises all
speaker 2: that is normal.
speaker 1: Chest discomfort and abdominal pain nausea
speaker 2: vomiting indigestion every once in awhile in the middle of night. I think it's if I've eaten
speaker 1: a
speaker 2: larger meal and I'm used to you right
speaker 1: now.
speaker 2: Sometimes that can worsen that a little bit self but it sounds like it's not on a regular check your email and see you and let you know
speaker 1: what that is. Have you had I'm yes, and
speaker 2: I'm due to go again. I go to
speaker 1: the VA. So yeah,
speaker 2: I have one. I have a manual yet. Exactly. Are you
speaker 1: all
speaker 2: right? holiday salad I think it's harder. There's always a lot of
speaker 1: snacking trying to you know, get in some good
speaker 2: nutritious stay active through the winter is really important. So nice to see
speaker 1: you. She's done with you.
speaker 2: And that ends participants. 2800 to 6 to 4:27 month is 10:46 a.m.