speaker 1:  We're going to start today's grade study visit today is November 1st 2019. And the current local
speaker 2: time is
speaker 1: 7:56 in the morning.
speaker 2: My name is Steven. Rinella and I
speaker 1: clinical research coordinator at the great study setting to 419 with the grade study participant with the ID number 2 4 1 0 1 7 8 and he has given permission to have this visit
speaker 2: recorded. There are no
speaker 1: other people coming with this participate in this exam room.
speaker 2: This is
speaker 1: a quarterly visit in the visit number is
speaker 2: 33. volume so
speaker 1: since your last visit, have you been diagnosed with high blood pressure?
speaker 2: Cintas facility been diagnosed with high cholesterol and leaving diagnosed with heart failure and I'm assuming no medications to treat heart failure.
speaker 1: Have you had any basketball procedures bypass
speaker 2: surgery? And have you taken any diabetes medications not provided to you by upstairs? No, no. Ryan metformin have you been diagnosed with cancer center? Must
speaker 1: have you been diagnosed with kidney disease or protein
speaker 2: in your urine?
speaker 1: I need to start on dialysis or two kidney
speaker 2: transplant. Have you been diagnosed with pancreatitis
speaker 1: and have you had any ER visits or hospitalizations? Have you had a motor vehicle accident, which will the
speaker 2: driver and have you had any weight loss procedures?
speaker 1: And have you had an amputation not related to a major accident.
speaker 2: Have you been diagnosed with diabetic eye disease in Charleston. Have you been diagnosed with depression since you last visited have you received any treatment for depression medication or therapy? Essentials visit have you had any acute life-threatening events or significant in capacity?
speaker 1: Any treatment to prevent the occurrence of a serious medical
speaker 2: problem? Any possible heart event November Lead You circulation?
speaker 1: an event resulting from an overdose of the
speaker 2: medication Any events of
speaker 1: severe hypoglycemia where you couldn't
speaker 2: treat yourself? And any events of acute metabolic decompensation Swiss is diabetic ketoacidosis. any lactic acidosis
speaker 1: any pregnancy resulting their child with a
speaker 2: birth defect
speaker 1: you still taking metformin, correct? And yes, and how many pills a day to take Metformin taken for pills? Mm mm the morning and a thousand a night.
speaker 2: Perfect. And you sometimes forget to take your metformin. Have you ever
speaker 1: cut back or stop taking him at 4 without telling anyone could have made you feel
speaker 2: less? Whenever you travel leave home, do you
speaker 1: sometimes forget to bring your metformin
speaker 2: with you? And did you take all your phone yesterday
speaker 1: symptoms are to control yourself. Take me to take
speaker 2: Metformin everyday. How
speaker 1: do you say forget to take Metformin never
speaker 2: in the past 2 weeks? And you're still taking my bro. Again,
speaker 1: when I leave home to get to bring with you
speaker 2: and you take
speaker 1: when you feel like taking
speaker 2: it every day at 2 weeks.
speaker 1: All right, and how much should my Freddy take me there? And episode did you want any
speaker 2: insulin therapy? Atom has 3 months how many times have you
speaker 1: or family member on your behalf called a healthcare provider
speaker 2: for any health issues or concerns you have?
speaker 1: Again, the past 3 months how many times have you or a family member on your behalf contacted healthcare provider via email texting or an online portal
speaker 2: for any health issues or concerns?
speaker 1: Andrew and Ashley months how many time how many outpatient visits have you had supposed to be two primary care doctor eye doctor
speaker 2: anything of that sort of my normal medical stuff.
speaker 1: Monday at Winton, but I
speaker 2: do Monday. what to do Monday doctor's appointment for Call my sleep study
speaker 1: machine died from a hundred years ago. So it was 18 years old to find a crap and says the VA says we have no records of it, even though it does show it. So I have to go through the entire process again assessment sleep study jury-rig it to make it
speaker 2: work.
speaker 1: Losartan blood pressure, how long is it been since you may be young to get a chance? I have IBS and GERD and I also have now resolved by told you guys last time I have now gastric.
speaker 2: Teresa's
speaker 1: gastroparesis, I have I been diagnosed with nothing yet. So nothing's changed in the last several months
speaker 2: Deal With It
speaker 1: Tina Dean and Tamia and three members or whatever. It's called free XM. All right. I'm at the max dosage. I cannot go any higher but my BS in my girls are still gone ballistic and so with the gastroparesis now and so they're good. They're sending me the dietitian. We're going to try that route first before they changed medications for my stomach because I guess what stuff has some severe sirvaitis and side
speaker 2: effects
speaker 1: and so nothing's changed. I've been diagnosed with
speaker 2: Too much last two months. Are you taking any weight-loss medication? So and you take aspirin at least three times per meal? I
speaker 1: did take aspirin but one of my colonoscopy they did on me. They saw a rosian after they said stop taking over-the-counter stuff. I was taking the time I
speaker 2: was taking
speaker 1: a Giants and Baby Aspirin because I do have minor heart
speaker 2: things and then
speaker 1: I was also taking Centrum Silver men over 50 and I just stop taking over-the-counter stuff because it was shown erosion on me.
speaker 2: And so I just take what I need to take whatever you have done and then I need a typical antipsychotics
speaker 1: intravenous injected or inhaled
speaker 2: steroids
speaker 1: and grandfather. And are you currently taking any depression anxiety
speaker 2: medication on 2nd Lenox? Soviet any change in your contact information since last night and he still seeing the same primary care?
speaker 1: What do you got her name that she's got married her name. Is Thompson now instead of So you recently diagnosed with gastroparesis? But no medications normal schedule. I think I'm scheduled to see The dietitian the end of
speaker 2: November.
speaker 1: Poba doesn't do anything fast except say the word note to your disability
speaker 2: benefits.
speaker 1: You forgot my favorite
speaker 2: be a real processed.
speaker 1: I'm okay. So with the gastroparesis, she said they diagnose you with that about.
speaker 2: And
speaker 1: what exactly so do they do anything like to think it was scope to eat the eggs with the sprinkles stuff in and they take an x-ray of your stomach every 15 minutes watching you digest your food and it shows the
speaker 2: empty. I forgot what is called they had the
speaker 1: Iridium or whatever and yeah 1 minute running photograph every 15
speaker 2: minutes for 3 hours and I saw that my emptying is more than twice the normal. And another thing that's been happening lately. It seems
speaker 1: like my morning throw up. I have Gerd. Morning part of my morning ritual now seems to be I'd say three
speaker 2: sometimes four times a week. I puke in the morning.
speaker 1: Just wake up and left over my body hadn't pushed out as slowly star game.
speaker 2: I
speaker 1: think we have like only imagine such an update on her three and four mornings from 3 to
speaker 2: four mornings a week when
speaker 1: I get get things going and I get moving as soon as I get vertical and
speaker 2: the thing is
speaker 1: not like, you know, when you do it when you're sick, you know, once I do it brush my teeth, give it some 10 minutes. I'm going to go find me always just my body says vacate this
speaker 2: food now. And it sucks and I
speaker 1: don't work at the VA. I mean, I work at the VA for the VA Veterans of Foreign Wars and I've been studying this it all. My issues are 100% in Earlington tied directly to
speaker 2: Gulf War syndrome. The
speaker 1: IBS the garbage
speaker 2: chronic fatigue sleep issues the memories from the Gulf War syndrome.
speaker 1: Play
speaker 2: song.
speaker 1: And then are you going to be eating any supplies on us today? so your blood sugars and how often do you check yesterday's number was 113 I've been pretty good. My sugar 107 to 120 is usually run that right
speaker 2: in there.
speaker 1: I need my lowest I ever got was like
speaker 2: 97 one time
speaker 1: the lowest
speaker 2: about 3 months ago. I
speaker 1: guess what might have been the last. Or just
speaker 2: after
speaker 1: 4. Like I said it wasn't it was dangerous. And have you had any High readings anything maybe
speaker 2: above
speaker 1: can I have never been never even when I was in my prime or young a morning breakfast person, which is one of the things I'm going to have to change their telling me
speaker 2: with his with my gastroparesis. So usually I don't eat till 1 or 2. Usually so usually usually you wouldn't happen
speaker 1: but I doubt that I never have even when I was 20 years in the military authorities. I've never been able to do that. Usually will go to one of the
speaker 2: restaurants or
speaker 1: we'll make something and it's usually
speaker 2: staying
speaker 1: away from the fried food, but I'll go to like the deli and you know get a
speaker 2: sandwich
speaker 1: junk food restaurants on one street all next to each other everything. Is
speaker 2: there
speaker 1: a Jason's Deli?
speaker 2: Certain brands. I got to stay away from in there. Tell me now fiber food cuz it's too heavy is one of the things I'm going to start getting away from a little bit of it.
speaker 1: We have whatever the twenty-two-year-old moved in and she's
speaker 2: a chef
speaker 1: potatoes. And then before that she made no roast beef.
speaker 2: veggies salad, so we'd meet halfway decent meal dinner usually
speaker 1: have She could have some money
speaker 2: and she knows act like I'm 58 years old.
speaker 1: I don't like brussel sprouts. I don't eat brussel sprouts. I don't eat peas green beans, but I don't know stuff like that
speaker 2: with the the
speaker 1: mashed potatoes and the pork loin. We had
speaker 2: green beans
speaker 1: before that get
speaker 2: carrots, you know. Like I said ever since I've had a stomach issue has gotten worse. My diet has I've had to stop eating the junk food in the fry food. I
speaker 1: want a Domino's Pizza. So for once a month, which is what that's what they're talking about, Hannah, Montana. Tell transition change in figure then you say oh my God, I turn
speaker 2: into dad that you will get really drunk
speaker 1: snacks in the office. I don't really eat a whole lot just
speaker 2: eat one meal since we've got people in front of us. Spoil cuz I really like Fuji coffee teas.
speaker 1: And do you have a consistent exercise regimen that you know endurance and
speaker 2: stopping
speaker 1: working on the house or to my sister's house working on my other sister's house? Turn on the schedule changes look right seems like it's a lot better and it was freaking a bagels and I'm slowly transitioning better food. Is it okay to make me a list of nose and then make me a list of what I should you know, like bread starch is in the mornings and you know proteins and whatever they have to know.
speaker 2: nutrition definitely affects my blood sugar and
speaker 1: you were going to see the nutritionist purse for the gastroparesis and how everything
speaker 2: check my calendar today attrition is
speaker 1: That's again with the VA system like made you want to go to get that contract out or just my stomach always feel full right here on top and they were doing a gerd check and GERD and that's when they discovered
speaker 2: the gastric. They did the
speaker 1: test twice. In fact because I said the first
speaker 2: one that's it just didn't seem right like some other
speaker 1: one has more control than what they originally thought. I got plenty of vegetables, which is great.
speaker 2: Is your daughter or son or
speaker 1: daughter is my step daughter's boyfriend broke up your dad. So you do that stuff. You're going to get some good well-balanced meals to
speaker 2: cook. That's great
speaker 1: exercise and I would like I said, I know I'm active because like I got to go fix the fence in the backyard and physical, you know, I don't I don't hire people to do my yard work, you know fix the fence or fix the car idle unless it's beyond my means, you know, how I'm crawling underneath the car. My truck is a 2001 with 280000 Miles. I got to do the next one crawling in it. Everyone to do all my thing we go out and we put the Halloween decorations. There's people now I kid you not. Companies out there who can hang up your Christmas decorations taken down. And of course, I got a two-story house. So and then like my my open rooms are 16 ft tall, you know, the two open rooms. And so the Rope is really high. So I get up there by off and hang up the Christmas lights. Bring them down. Guess what I got to bring down this weekend Halloween decoration. I don't do gym. So that's why I bring them. So these questions have to do with the past 30 Days 7 8 and 9 if you answer no to those questions, just get to the next
speaker 2: question. stomach pain diarrhea everyday vomiting Sure that I'm trying to move into the wall
speaker 1: and sup light green. Got to make sure you have the right now. That one right there at one of my other thousand
speaker 2: mg when I get to work.
speaker 1: Those are the three pills I take in the morning thousand pills of two pills in the morning to build a night recommend taking with r e g i issues at the pills with the green ones you cut a pill in half to fill one out right? So we just need a quick signature down here and
speaker 2: Januvia
speaker 1: Genovia Victoza.
speaker 2: Add a quick date to the first
speaker 1: 500 times a day.
speaker 2: I just put
speaker 1: 25 to 35.