speaker 1:  Never going to start today's great visit today is Saturday November 2nd. And the local time is 9:10 in the morning. I'm here with the my name is Mina bertacco. I am the research assistant for the great study side 1 7-0. I'm here with a great study participant with the ID number 1 7 0 - 0 2 2 4 and he's giving me permission to record this visit. This is a quarterly visit and visit number is 33.
speaker 2: So you
speaker 1: were saying that you were almost out of
speaker 2: Atlanta
speaker 1: supplies today and I'll replenish that along with your medications you have you meet her today. Perfect. Tell me about you last few months. Have you had any weird numbers as I'm sure you've talked to Alexandra and fasten a little bit, but
speaker 2: Not directly to stress and no job job requirements. So yeah, it's not working out for great cycle for a health wise.
speaker 1: Is did you change your job or just your job is very stressful.
speaker 2: So we're going on and just getting everything prepared so I can be gone for the 10 days.
speaker 1: Do you have do you take regular breaks to
speaker 2: eat the quad getting just
speaker 1: that even if it's like a granola bar some something in your pocket? That's not just candy, you know because it will times you could really affect your blood sugar.
speaker 2: Sandra you're doing a 55 and 55 and I've increased that on my own to 60 and 60 so a hundred and
speaker 1: twenty go to June Kris. Okay so just a brand new thing
speaker 2: 55 but that what's a + 60 Yes,
speaker 1: 2018 problems with being able to take those just going to do it in the morning and at night do you think you should have gluten in the morning or at night
speaker 2: all this about and them and the morning time frame the other one? I did actually try shifting in at night. So we we did we split it up months back. We split up for half and half and we did a full combination and was asked to be taken in the morning because I saw the high rates and everything else is like what happens if I take it at night, so I tried taken at night and then it's 10
speaker 1: in the morning. Water or coffee or something if you need and we can take medications cuz it's not a visit today is just right for did you do your eyebrows in the morning? Okay. Yeah, that's a little bit high. Is that kind of been the norm for you in the mornings? Okay boss man. We'll see if we need to adjust your gorging further, but I'll look at your A1c to so that'll give me a better average of kind of what's been going on over the last 3 months, Okay, as far as your other medications go Josh. Are you still taking Omeprazole atorvastatin lisinopril HCTZ combination of Cyclobenzaprine is needed and that person is needed and then sildenafil and multivitamins anything else. I'm forgetting.
speaker 2: Okay, no allergies.
speaker 1: So talking about your Supply
speaker 2: right now. You've been
speaker 1: definitely need more lancets today, right? I'll get you a box. It's a hundred in the box. So you should be good till next visit meter
speaker 2: strips.
speaker 1: You want to monitor Natchez fasting? Okay garching there.
speaker 2: I was going to say the pen needles up to you know, if I'm between between it's like now I have three shots that I got to give instead of to
speaker 1: give you two boxes instead of 1 today. It's a hundred in a box to so and then do you need more alcohol wipes?
speaker 2: More than one box. Okay, I'll give you
speaker 1: two is that said enough Sharps container?
speaker 2: Okay,
speaker 1: I'll get you another one today,
speaker 2: but I'll take another one. I'll drop it off at the American Lake. How do
speaker 1: you want to
speaker 2: know but I found out that I have an app on there that I can actually start plugging that in that way. I'm not having to drag the ground and I've been doing a little bit better for me. So I'm going to start using that.
speaker 1: Okay good. Yeah, those always here when we download you meet her and then we have everything electronically so we can always look at the averages and things like that. So I'll get you some supplies while we check your blood pressure. I do have your honorarium check here. So thank you for being part of our study. Appreciate you being with us. And actually you are coming up on your three year anniversary for your next visit. Okay, that's going to be in the mid February and that's one of those big visit. So we have to be here during the week because we don't have the capacity to run the lab and all that on this Saturday. Can you come in around 8 on any given day if we had to schedule ahead? Okay, let's do 7. That's a really good start time
speaker 2: for us.
speaker 1: And I'm looking around the week of February 15th. I can't remember we have a couple of appointments that are annuals already scheduled around that time. So, is there a specific day you prefer during the week if you have to take a day off? On a Monday night of Monday. Okay. No
speaker 2: problem
speaker 1: days here there. Yeah.
speaker 2: Could we do the 18th?
speaker 1: Probably get preliminary dates? Like if you only can do Tuesday for only can do Friday, they'll go to schedule and figure it out. So we'll we'll look at that Tuesday make sure that it's available for you. If not, is there another good day for you?
speaker 2: I can do anytime during that
speaker 1: week.
speaker 2: Whatever that you have in there, I am. Put on the calendar in the request.
speaker 1: Let me go ahead and ask you better questions here. All right, they're going to talk about some slack visit. So soon August and today is already November 2nd.
speaker 2: Well.
speaker 1: So what are you guys doing? Where are you going on vacation? Oh my gosh stuff there for you to try. All right. So let's talk about the last three months. So I Josh in the last 3 months or since your last visit. Have you had a new diagnosis of high blood pressure? If you start a new medication for high blood pressure get a new diagnosis of high cholesterol medication for high cholesterol. Have you been have you been have you started a new medication for heart failure? Have you had a vascular procedure? Have you taken any glucose lowering medications not prescribed by us? Glasses that have you been diagnosed with cancer have you started a new treatment for cancer? Have you been diagnosed with kidney disease are protein in urine have you started on dialysis of each of the kidney transplant? Have you been diagnosed with pancreatitis? Have you had an ER visit station? Have you had a motor motor vehicle accident in which was a driver. Have you had a weight loss procedure since last visit related to a major accident? Have you been diagnosed with diabetic eye disease retinopathy. Do you see an eye doctor regularly like once a year no patience to to have at least once a year check up. His eyes are one of the things that can get affected with the microvessels
speaker 2: okay
speaker 1: with medication or therapy. Have you had an acute life-threatening events? The fact is it have you had hospitalizations for more than 24 hours? A persistent or significant incapacity medical problem could include an ER visit for the doses. For example, we had a possible heart event event related to circulation. Have you had an event resulting from an overdose of any medication if you had severe hypoglycemia wanted to help you if you had a key metabolic compensation. Lactic acidosis pancreatitis thyroid cancer. All right. And are you taking your statement form and Josh? Mm, you said? But he meant for me. You know when I go over it and data answer it I would look at it and think what why did I do that? Thank you for 2003 sometimes forget to give me Forman. I have you ever stop back stop or cut back on taking metformin without telling your doctor because you feel worse me tickets. I leave travel or the phone. Do you sometimes forget it? Did you take all of it yesterday? When you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control. Do you sometimes forget you meant for me or stop taking a macro meal. Do you ever feel hassle? Don't bother to buy your treatment
speaker 2: plan. And how often do you
speaker 1: forget your metformin if it's never really once in a while, sometimes you really get good and you missed in the last two weeks out of the last 7 days how many of the 28 pills by pavement 0 1 2 6
speaker 2: Do
speaker 1: you sometimes forget to take you to the Lipton? Have you ever get back or stuff taking it without telling you a doctor because you felt worse when you take it. I have you forgot that when you travel and leave home. Okay? And did you take over yesterday? Do you ever feel when you feel like your diabetes symptoms are under control? Do you sometimes stuff taking you so Clifton? And do you feel hassle don't bother to buy your tooth implant with that medication. Do you offer get it never arrived early once in awhile? Okay. No doz has missed in the last two weeks. I'm just Confirm on your prescription here. So I did see four bottles of Metformin in there and then to serve Lipton. Okay, and we're not changing your dosages today on any of that. She still at immediate-release metformin. Okay, and then for struggle Lipton you were at a hundred mg. And we got two more bottles for you today. Okay, and you haven't started on glargine. So total does prior to today's visit you change 220 for you today. I mean, this is a new thing for you anyway, so we'll see how that goes. And if that helps your numbers to go down a little bit more and also will look at your A1c to to see if there's any more drastic changes. I need to be made. Okay as far as your guardian goes with God. 7 boxes of 35 Pence today. Okay. It's because you increase your dose a little bit if you run out before I mean if you calculate maybe let the week ahead or so we can mail you some if we need to before you next. Is that okay? And you have not been started on any rapid acting insulin, right?
speaker 2: Very possible electric razor.
speaker 1: Yeah, let's let's see how it goes. I'm hoping that not.
speaker 2: Play for the members of the probably okay.
speaker 1: Yeah will you know if we'll have that conversation when boss man looks at your number, she'll give you a call and we'll go from there and see what we need to do. Okay, but yes, that would be the next step if if we're not able to manage with what we've got right now. As far as seen any other doctors besides the grade study care providers in the last 3 months. Have you had to call and then raised his help study provider about healthy show concern on the phone? What about a email online portal text messages to get to communicate with any doctors. Did you see any doctor since you saw us in
speaker 2: August?
speaker 1: Okay, but you are seeing your PCP in the
speaker 2: next week my gran Taco nutrition where to talk about I visit okay.
speaker 1: Have you been admitted to a nursing home or Rehabilitation facility in the last 3 months?
speaker 2: Call Ryan.
speaker 1: Who looked at your medication list here, but just confirming you were taking some medication for high blood pressure. You're taking atorvastatin for cholesterol any weight loss medications any aspirin. Any other glucose-lowering medications not prescribed by
speaker 2: us? Any
speaker 1: hormone treatments and Jen testosterone replacement? A minion are psychotic medications. Any vitamin B12 supplements, have you taken any steroids? Oral intravenous? Inhaled injected me shot. Sometimes people take new nasal spray for any depression or anxiety medications something to help you sleep. No problem with that, huh? Stress-related maybe talk to your doctor about this and see if there's something they can help with. Okay. It's important that you get enough rest and good nutrition. Okay.
speaker 2: One night. I had a full night's sleep. Was after I got done a major project. at work Last the last project item but was being asked to think I just got done the other day. I was 18 our day. So Technically, I have no more major project. I am so I should be sleeping or what...
speaker 1: Definitely on
speaker 2: the messenger this plant. The phone is literally getting shut off and put it in the safe
speaker 1: communicate with each other and might not be
speaker 2: together the entire time, but that's so my kids can maybe a distant relative or something? Yeah, other than that the phones in airplane mode the entire time.
speaker 1: Play I mean if you take a burner for a phone
speaker 2: my wife she she said yeah. Yeah, we're getting another phone so you don't have the excuse and they may call you.
speaker 1: Yeah, that's awesome. All right, unless we were leaving when will definitely talk to you before so this next form is about your cardiovascular health. We just it's not about the last 3 months of your whole lifetime. We just checking up on our participants with them heart problems. Have you had a heart attack Josh? Have you ever heard the stroke? Have you ever been told that you have heart failure? Have you ever heard of vascular procedure bypass Dan's crafts and do a plastic surgery is on any arteries. Have you had any amputation site related to major
speaker 2: accident?
speaker 1: So that's it for my forms, but I do have a couple of things for you. Of course as we usually do and I will go ahead and grab some supplies for you and then check on that appointment to make sure that we can schedule it and not date Okay, so I'll hold off on things. You need to fill out until after we get the blood pressure and relax. I can do the
speaker 2: lights. Okay? I'll go get you supplies
speaker 1: while we're doing that
speaker 2: and then we'll have something for you. Going on here. Uber everywhere
speaker 1: Indian Aldelo Journey tour
speaker 2: 2 There's going to be a couple of low blood sugar is my wife actually took her blood sugar in there, so you
speaker 1: okay? Thank you for letting me know.
speaker 2: Okay.
speaker 1: Yeah, that would be really concerning if we saw I
speaker 2: grabbed mine. She's not a low blood sugar episode like one or two times of get the same meter and everything. So we're
speaker 1: less realistic if your numbers are high and cuz the low numbers will offset it so we try not to get you know, Sharon meters just for that purpose, but I may see if it will make a big difference on on everything
speaker 2: so
speaker 1: Try not to think about that right now. Just relax maybe think about, you know a nice beach in Hawaii and I will be back in
speaker 2: 5 minutes. Okay. We'll take two readings 1 minute apart.
speaker 1: Good numbers 129 over 84 in 127 over 88.
speaker 2: So that's good blood pressure measurement neck
speaker 1: and your pulse rate was about a D2 so that's good. So I'm eating out of your pockets and then I make sure we're going to have you take
speaker 2: your shoes off if you do it here or over there by then. 4shared Skechers be able to make that determination without having to go to outside in steese, you know the road
speaker 1: then you've you've done so well right
speaker 2: now and it's a good feeling.
speaker 1: Well good goal in sight. So that's that's good. I was able to get you in and that Tuesday the eighteenth okay at 7. So there's your reminder card for that and after downloading you meter. Yeah, I did say that you Louis was 43 which must be your wife's number. Right? And your average was 160. So you might be your average might be a little bit higher than that, but it's not into hundreds which is you know, Basin way you were telling me earlier. I was wondering like I hope it's not that high but still we wanted we wanted within 90 and 120 usually in that's way above that. So
speaker 2: I'm bored. It wasn't 12121 to OK Google
speaker 1: I have all your supplies in here too and your medications that
speaker 2: I'm not in a fit over this one in here and look at it if they're refrigerated medications at 4. Like I talk to you later. I'm still in school with all your
speaker 1: things there. I do have a couple of forms for you here job
speaker 2: will first of all, I think we had a
speaker 1: question about your current provider.
speaker 2: Has that changed we had Carla Bryant.
speaker 1: Is it at the provider the American
speaker 2: League? It's in your records. Okay, it's not the problem being seen but it was just that the people didn't fill out the paperwork and then I had to get the veterans choice and it's it's like they just need to do this and I had to coach him through it and I'm like why am I doing that? That's part of your job. So
speaker 1: you have a different provider here. As far as anything else you are in a phone number addresses
speaker 2: exactly the same. New buddy to ads as well. But
speaker 1: my son is my oldest is 12 now, but my youngest is 3 months and I'm thinking like when he goes to the playground in like six months, he was just going to walk up to a random kid in the gazebo.
speaker 2: No rush. Thank you. Yeah,
speaker 1: it's my favorite. It's still fine tip, but it's very dark.
speaker 2: All right all done with that
speaker 1: in what arm do you prefer today. Left arm, okay.
speaker 2: But you seem so, I will say Amazon wardrobe. I was like why am I paying $10 more for this? And as soon as I got my cool pants, I was like I like these pants there.
speaker 1: I love these jeans from Amazon wardrobe to and they're really nice with it for the amount of money has very little. Yeah,
speaker 2: I came around. I've had a couple things that says it says from from China or whatever and they have that size chart at size chart isn't necessarily the right side stripe some weird weird numbers on a toaster for a big guy like me. But not right. Yeah, I found that out with shoes and I ordered a pair of shoes. And then I said I tried them on then there. Are you when you're my size in length or width? Yeah, you're pretty stuck on that one. I've I've had that one of my eye I still have it in the box. So it's like you know, what a better. I'm going to go is this kind of what we usually do not notice. It's not visible. I will be fine. What is Football it looks like a camera. Josh you doing all right, but that Band-Aid up
speaker 1: there. Okay. Hopefully this is good or do you want me to get you like a big big bad?
speaker 2: I consolidate when I
speaker 1: Okay. Okay. Yeah, so hopefully this is good. I would say maybe he'll just going to sit outside like this one. Of
speaker 2: course. You can go
speaker 1: walk these freaking is and 1st. I know I love these These are
speaker 2: so nice.
speaker 1: All right. Let me know if you have any more questions. So bring your bring your own container. Next time you're full container will be in touch. I'm sure within the next sometime next week either Boston or Alexandra. I'm not the important enough to make those kinds of decisions just quite yet. Thank you, but I defer you know to do people that's been doing this for a long time and Alexander has been managing diabetes it her own practice before this. So she's she's a nurse practitioner. So she's worked with a penis for a while. So we ask for advice all the time. Enjoy your vacation deals for me before I lock you out.
speaker 2: Do you need a restroom? Don't forget you're very important. Thanks for coming in.
speaker 1: It says that is now concluded the local time is 9:56 a.m.